Notice
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.85w83dva92mg>

Original Folder/More Info 👇👇👇
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.7d2b3uioocra>

As of March 10, 2022
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.c8y9xlj6biu6>

What Putin is Doing
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.63g09yc00o8b>

Final Answer
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.dzsml3v52u64>

References
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.7fo9ai5un3el>

Art of War Quotes
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.tkub716t2odj>

As of March 12, 2022
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.szw89m8y46gp>

As of March 14, 2022
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.99e61kh9nt2b>

Part 2
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.7cg4cehc75bf>

Part 3
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.st9lsr5c7gp5>

What their tunnel in my house sounds like
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.tfkggdt8stvu>

As of March 15, 2022
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.27q7mftgt3iu>

As of March 19, 2022
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.8332bwkvkgor>

Investigation Assumptions
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.5pj2htfgtk07>

Twitter Observation
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.1oz24cc9m5jq>

Oddity at Doctors Office the Other Day
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.gdf9voqfh27g>

How would you feel
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.fu7nl5v8u9n5>

As of March 20, 2022
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.rqyawa4si2m4>

We need to support Ukraine 🇺🇦
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.j9g9y3seawfr>

As of March 21, 2022
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.5wx4p3gr8kgm>

Potential Russian Mafia “Signals”
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.kow5h3jdcxaq>

Water Tampering
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.qe7fsufqu2hz>

More on the Microchips
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.pr55wzncugv5>

My superpower💪 === Ability to see through people 👓
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.d8tbmwxmzm2c>

As of March 22, 2022
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.kriz6qsun0cm>

Status Update
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.cjyvf227yb8j>

Hacker People
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.qrhk7r3azkyb>

My Brother
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.1njjyttswuw2>

As of March 24, 2022
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.figv0n9sxs31>

Doing the Unthinkable
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.ueaot619uyuw>

Russia is Root of ALL Our Problems
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.ktpbfyss6mud>

As of March 26, 2022
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.riert4h8kinx>

Gangstalking
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.xh7cvk472i01>

If It Helps
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.kcri3o77hu78>

As of March 28, 2022
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.gg9xxqwvarqj>

I’m Now Out of Time
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.8q7fqxufil72>

As of March 30, 2022
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.nm4vza5kzcj4>

Be on the lookout for possible Russian EMF satellite targeting US
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.yno8y0uylxiz>


Notice

To whom it may concern,

I temporarily pulled the previous content located in this folder out of
fear this information might have gotten into the wrong hands. More
directly, I pulled it out of fear that a certain someone might be trying to
use my own words to try and divide the US and it’s strategic alliances
rather than to try and bring us together.

If this ever goes to court then it’s best if not everyone sees it
beforehand.

And to be clear, the opinions laid out are/were all my own. The facts laid
out are/were all personal testimony as to what happened either directly to
me or directly in front of me.

I do not give anybody consent to reference any of my content contained
herein or previously contained herein in any public media articles or
public appearances or otherwise, at this time, unless otherwise agreed to.

Just know that at the end of the day it’s my information that I worked
extremely hard on, a lot of which is pretty freaking personal and has
pretty freaking huge consequences for at least myself, my family, and my
hometown of Logan; and therefore I can do what I want with my own
information but I’d appreciate you not actively trying to jeopardize our
safety.

I’ll be re-sharing the previous content to those whom I trust again
shortly. Everyone else I shared it with previously has been perfectly
honorable btw..

If you want to request access to the previous information in this folder,
request access at the following link–just do not use it to divide our
country or alliances in any way. Also i’m hacked so the attackers could
very well delete the email before I ever see it, so if you don’t hear back
from me then try again. I just ask you use it for good, use it to bring
down the kremlin. (I’m still thinking about exposing it publicly again tbh,
for now you still have got to request access–I’ve got to determine how the
info may be used both for good and for evil to decide whether or not to
share it publicly again)

Original Folder/More Info 👇👇👇

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KtnfL3WqWM2PGLCSWt1m4RCGprRhlCzhZkuw0psA3-4/edit#heading=h.6lpjf7x8jzj

https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1N4w5q-SJ-2aZXt4iiajGkpBJEa9gHYnU?usp=sharing


My apologies for any inconvenience, I appreciate your understanding.

#UnitedWeStand #DividedWeFall #IStandWithUkraine #NobodyIsPerfect
#PutinIsEvilAsHell #BewareOfPsychologicalManipulation
#PsychologyIsAPowerfulTool #NeverGiveUp #WeAreAllInThisTogether #Allies
#WeGotThis #ActWeakWhenYouAreStrong #ActStrongWhenYouAreWeak

Thank you,

Chase Gibbons
As of March 10, 2022

[Opinion]

I pulled all the content from this original google drive folder which was
open to public viewing yesterday. I don’t know if it was the right maove,
but my gut told me it was the right move at the time. I started getting a
sense that someone had leaked this info either to try and cause a lack of
confidence in us/cause divisions amongst our allies or else to make it seem
as though the United States was attacking its own citizens. (Which goes
with Russia’s recent narrative from that NRA chick that she couldn’t
believe that anyone would bomb their own people, while insinuating that
Ukraine was bombing it’s own citizens–it’s all extremely coordinated
information desemination and whatnot on Russia’s part, it’s all part of
their sick and twisted “show” they are putting on) I even started having a
surge of people looking into my linkedin profile yesterday out of nowhere
too, which I also temporarily deactivated, as if the “Jet Airplane Assault”
incident from the other night was on the verge of becoming published as
news or something. I don’t know if pulling everything down was the right
move, because again maybe if all this got out then these people would
actually fucking stop harrassing me and my brother might actually face
accountability for once because everyone would know the truth; and maybe
all this would have been further looked into and further legitimized by the
American public.

So I’m torn on the subject but the last thing I want is to be used by these
guys to further their information warfare campaign against us and to cause
strategic divisions amongst our allies at such a critical time. These guys
do that to literally everyone–they try and manipulate everyone into doing
what’s in their own personal best interest rather than what’s in the best
interest of the group. My fear on the other hand of never letting this
information truly get out however is that people will never know what I
view to be important information, and the attackers will continue on all
but forgotten, encircled in a shroud of mystery to everyone but to those in
the highest levels of our government–which could also prove to be
undesirable in my view. So it’s a tough one tbh. I don’t want to undermine
our country but I want people to know the truth.

What Putin is Doing

[Opinion]

Do you want to know what Putin is really doing? People talk about well
Putin didn’t plan for occupying Ukraine long term, he’s clearly going to
have a hostile people to deal with for years to come in Ukraine, etc, etc.
But do you want to know Putin’s way out of that? His way out of that is to
essentially convince Zelensky to join Putin rather than to join the
European Union and the West. And how he’s going to do that is by leveraging
his previous exploitations of the West to make us look weak by doing shit
like what they did to me the other night which might make our government
fear that we might not have full control of our military, (if I even was
right about that incident) and that we have our own Russian Sympathizers,
etc. and Putin’s hoping that will be interpreted by Zelensky that Democracy
can be exploited and that he can’t fully rely on us as friends. (In reality
however, every type of government can be exploited just as much but in
their own unique ways–for every strength there is a weakness–you just have
to get into that frame of mind and be willing to do exactly that and
actually exploit them in every way possible just like they do to us–believe
me–I guarantee you these attackers could think of numerous ways to
completely exploit Putin’s government just as effectively as our democracy
because they can exploit literally anything and everything–we can
too–that’s the thing. And I assure you we are doing everything in our power
to help Ukraine as much as we possibly can. it’s actually been really cool
to see all the different ways everyone has jumped in to try and help–me
personally I’ve been helping anonymous where I can, etc)

But yea, you’ve got to understand gangstalking to understand how this all
is ultimately planned to play out.

Essentially in gangstalking the attackers ultimately end up rigging it to
where it literally feels like everyone is against you, just due to the
nature of how extraordinary what they are doing to you is, and due to the
fact that they are actively manipulating everyone else in subtle ways too.
(Whether everyone else realizes it or not) By creating/exploiting conflicts
of interest primarily. It makes it so a lot of people either don’t fully
understand what’s happening, they don’t believe you, they pretend like they
don’t believe you, they are scared, or else they seem to only care about
themselves and not care about you from the victim’s point of view. Everyone
you thought you knew and everyone you thought you could rely on seem to not
care anymore almost. And so after a while the smartest people in the room
seem to be the attackers over everyone else–they are the only ones who seem
to truly get it. Like the attackers at least get what you are going through
and believe you in regards to all the manipulation going on when nobody
else really will–do to the attackers making it in everyone else’s best
interest not to help you. But even beyond that, the attackers begin to show
they can at least make it better or make it stop (temporarily) for you–when
nobody else can make it stop–even though the attackers are the ones
freaking doing all this fucked up shit to you. (But in reality it’s a trap,
what they are really doing is just manipulating you to do what they want
you to do in that very moment they need something from you and the next
time they want something from you or even just the next time they want to
show their dominance over you then they are right back on top of you–so
it’s not a real solution to work with them–at least in my experiences it
hasn’t been–they are fucking ruthless and unforgiving and very
transactional in nature–but they will never stop trying to manipulate you
regardless of whether you work with them or not) So over time, you end up
being faced with a hard road and an easy road–but the easy road is a trap
every fucking time–it’s like selling your soul to the devil pretty much at
best–but it sure is tempting nonetheless.

That has got to be Putin’s plan for Zelensky, which is to get him to turn
on the West essentially. To get Zelensky to work out a deal with the devil.
That way all Zelensky’s citizens become a non issue for Putin and that way
Putin begins his takeover of more than just Ukraine by influencing public
opinion throughout the world using his new proxy. MEANWHILE PUTIN IS USING
THIS WHOLE ORDEAL TO TARGET OUR HACKERS/RESISTERS FOR HIS TAKEOVER OF THE
USA/FREE WORLD. What we need to do to combat all this is to continue to
support Zelensky daily no matter what. We need to make some concessions and
get him those migs so as to get everything back on track. And we need to
stop freaking saying we will or won’t do something beforehand–don’t let
Putin know what we will or won’t do so it remains a mystery to him. (You
can always reverse course tho too) But yea, never let Zelensky think he
doesn't have our full support to the most extent possible–regardless of how
much Putin tries to manipulate us or him–this is everyone’s entire future
we are talking about here after all. Nobody wants to live under a brutal
dictator/organized crime mafia ring for the rest of eternity. Also–do
something about the Russians now targeting our hackers please. If we lose
them we will lose ourselves.

The shit with the jet airplane is just an attempt for Putin to manipulate
our president into being submissive if you ask me. If you let him, guess
what he’s going to do? He’ll keep doing it and go even harder on it next
time too. At the end of the day these Trumper Russian proxy guys aren’t
going to do anything bad to their own hometowns nor their fellow troops–I
mean like beyond maybe discreetly going after one person at a time who they
are led to believe might have a different political ideology than them or
that they are directed to. But beyond that, I don’t see Putin’s proxies as
being that reliable to Putin when it all comes down to it tbh. Nobody’s
going to blow up their own hometown or even allow their hometown to be
blown up or anything like that. They might try and undermine some things
but they aren’t that big a deal tbh. It’s all a perception/illusion–it’s
designed to get to you. I’d guess people like that are by far the minority
anyways, but it would be wise to figure out just how many of them there
really are by doing our own investigation into it. Because if you just rely
on them acting out then they will make it appear as though everyone is in
on it–when in reality that is far from the truth. None of the proxies are
going to follow any orders from Putin that might affect anyone they know or
like period anyways. That’s the difference between say a foreign spy and a
foreign proxy. The foreign proxy has boundaries in regards to who they will
undermine and how far they will go–a lot of them might be looking for a way
out tbh. Plus, worst case you can just make it personal to the proxies, do
what Putin does but in reverse. Make it so they have to sell their other
proxies out to save themselves. The churches and the communities themselves
need to start working on this issue in their communities as well however,
in my opinion, to ensure people don’t continue to get radicalized. Because
that’s what it is–radicalization–just in a slightly different slightly
easier to reach form, as compared to full blown terrorist radicalization.

In a way Putin is targeting our executive branch with his psychological
manipulation just as much or more than he targets everyone else. It would
really be wise for everyone making decisions in our government and our
allies government’s to read/listen to a book or two on “psychology and
manipulation” btw before determining how to proceed and protect ourselves
going forward. (i.e. Don’t let their psychological mind control games
defeat you)

I fundamentally now believe that “Hitlerism” is very much rooted in
psychology. It’s about people realizing the power of
psychology/manipulation and then using it to get what they want no matter
what they have to convince the broader population of. They go after the
perceived “weak” links. And sadly I am viewed as a weak link whereas I live
alone in a mormon community when I’m not mormon; and thanks to history,
jewish people are viewed as weak too sadly. The Russians saying they are
going after nazis is such a slap in the face tbh, when Zelensky is a jewish
man himself, but it’s common psychological manipulation tactics both in
hitler’s time and in the current day and age apparently. It pisses me off.
I fully believe both Hitler and Putin might have done this to anybody that
they viewed as “weak” though, the fact Putin is doing it against the leader
of a free country who happens to be jewish is just such a slap in the face.
And how you get to where they won’t view you as weak is to learn
psychology, band together, call out their manipulation, STAND UP TO THE
BULLY, and to start applying these same concepts right back at them from
what I’ve found. At least in Zelensky’s case he still has a ton of support
from pretty much everyone in this world besides Putin, and pretty much
everyone are actually willing to help him in fighting back in whatever way
they can, but conversely that means if Zelensky ever decides to join Putin
to save his people then he could easily bring other countries with him–I
promise you–it’s psychology.

Two more things I think are important for anyone reading this to know.

First, how to accomplish the “thinking 2-3 steps ahead” illusion. The
Russians seem to be smart and seem to have the ability to think 2-3 steps
ahead. But in reality what is really happening is they are using reflexive
control theory to first set up a pretext and then to trigger you in a way
they can predict your reaction to, and based on their predicted reaction of
what they think you will do when they trigger you, they will then think
about how they will be able to exploit your most probable reaction to their
triggering you–and whether that would benefit them or not–before they ever
even trigger you to begin with. And if they decide your most probable
reaction is exploitable in a fashion that suits them–then they go forward
with setting up the pretext and triggering you while banking on your
reaction being what they’d expect. That’s literally how it works. From your
perspective it seems as though they are smart as hell and they are thinking
two to three steps ahead, and in reality it’s technically kinda sorta true,
but it’s a lot easier to do than one might think when you are the one doing
the psychological triggering. From there you can take it and chain it, like
okay if I set up this pretext and I trigger Putin in this way, his most
probable reaction is he’ll likely respond in this way. And if he responds
in this way will I then be able to take advantage of his response and use
it to further exploit him? I’m just giving an example of how their thinking
2-3 steps ahead theoretically works. Information gathering definitely comes
into play here as well though, information is power and it enables you to
do this reflexive control theory stuff a lot more effectively, the more
information you have the better.

Secondly I want to give you a quick example of how they exploit
vulnerabilities in anything and everything, and how it’s possible for you
to do the same. The attackers whom I now believe to be Russian proxies
including my very own brother first started targeting me using social
engineering. My brother took advantage of the trust I had for him while
playing like he still loved me and he used my love for him as a
vulnerability for him to exploit essentially. Once they got access to my
network they began monitoring it and looking for other vulnerabilities to
exploit while doing recon. I won’t get into all the details but fast
forward and they begin emf-ing me. I ultimately figure out how to get their
emfs to no longer bother me by creating a makeshift faraday cage that was
connected to a ground. As soon as they found out their attacks were no
longer bothering me, they moved to another type of emf like ef or rf that
went right through the grounded metal. So then I had to figure out what was
going on and I ended up adding an existing electrical current flowing
through the faraday cage to try and combat their latest exploit. And then
ultimately they realized they couldn’t get through with any light based
directed energy weapon anymore—so they then switched to using infrasound at
that point instead—which went right through my faraday cage without issue
because it was technically another vulnerability yet again. So then I
figured out what the hell infrasound was and I figured out you need this
foam shit to stop it, and I added that foam stuff to the faraday cage to
block the infrasound as well at that point. But now I created another
vulnerability in adding sound proofing, any ideas what it was? The
vulnerability at that point was well now that my enclosure was fully
covered with few air gaps to keep the sound waves out—they then started
gassing me while I was in there which completely terrified me and made me
scared to even seek shelter in my faraday cage anymore whatsoever—leaving
me totally exposed again. They would essentially use my new protections as
a new vulnerability to exploit, each step along the way, etc, etc. And as
things have continued forward, they’ve even figured out how to add some
nano tech to the inside of the faraday cage that allows them to pull power
from the outer faraday cage shell and redirect it to emf me on the inside
before the power is ever grounded, which effectively made my faraday cage
useless yet again. And on, and on, and on, all the way to the other
night–and that’s just one broad example. How they broke in my house
repeatedly was very similar in their constant exploiting of different
vulnerabilities and mostly getting away with little to no evidence of their
presence. Moral of the story is there are vulnerabilities everywhere in
literally everything and on each step of the way there might be new
vulnerabilities—all of which can be exploited–and it doesn’t take the most
powerful country in the world to find them and to exploit them either—it
just takes a certain mindset is all.

Just wanted to share some lessons learned in case it might help anybody in
their deliberations. These are all my own personal opinions based on my own
personal experiences with these guys and how they operate, just know I’m
just trying to help. For the record, I’m for doing everything we can to
help Ukraine before we lose support from Ukraine, before Russia intimidates
the whole world, and before Russia becomes even more ruthless and powerful
than they already are. Just make sure we have a good excuse for going in
there is all I’d say—but we can’t let Russia intimidate us. The whole world
is watching. Ukrainians are dying and they desperately need our help. Putin
wouldn’t be trying to intimidate us into staying out of it if he wanted us
to join in. It’s normally best to do what they don’t want you to do,
although they will adapt and they will continue these same psychological
baiting tactics each step of the way regardless of what we choose to do. I
think it will bring us all closer together too—which is key.

Final Answer

(see google docs comment on photo as well)

I think if we want to have a country we’ve got to help Zelensky/his people
in Ukraine and soon even if it means a proxy war with Russia. We really are
to that point. That will also help in ridding ourselves of Russian
assets/proxies/influence. The alternative could very well ultimately prove
defeat. (References hidden for now)

I decided to re-post all this new less sensitive stuff here to try to help
everyone make their own decisions accordingly, I didn’t want to come off as
I was turning my back on anyone either–especially our allies. The truth
isn’t always pretty but it’s best if we all know both ourselves and our
enemies so we can make the best decisions possible and so that we can all
know what is truly at stake.

The real question is do you want to be known for being responsible for a
tyrant possibly defeating the free world to create a new world order
without so much as a fight? Or do you want to be known for fighting for
freedom–regardless of what people may say later? That’s the real question.
My brother hasn’t pulled the nuke card on me yet, I don’t think Putin will
either.

The tide is totally in our favor right now–we’ve got to make the most of
it. Shit I’ll even put my money where my mouth is and I'll even go help
fight. (Once i drop the microchip)

I’ve now seen evidence Russia could indeed be targeting our hackers now as
part of a “spread the word to Russians” campaign. (False flag/Reverse
psychology operation) See references below.

Please you guys–we are running out of time. They are putting the pressure
on Zelensky to fold. He won’t fold if we just stand up to these Russian
bullies and do what’s right–what’s right also happens to be what the world
really needs us to do right now. They are targeting our hackers right now I
swear. What are we going to do once they have infiltrated over half of our
freaking critical sections of society? At some point people are going to
find out and they are going to be faced with a choice of whether it’s
already too late or not to try and fight back. I cannot stress the stakes
of all this enough. I likely won’t make it through much longer myself tbh,
either way, but at least this way our future generations will have a chance
at living free. We need to come together. The only way we are ever going to
come together at this point is if we stand up to Putin.

I think the Russians are trying to make Joe Biden be the “fall guy” for
Trump tbh.

The Russians are literally banking on us not sending those migs. We need to
make some concessions to our allies and get them the damn jets.
(discretely) The key is to keep Zelensky happy. We need to show leadership
tho. Why else would Russia be willing to take on so many sanctions right
now if they weren’t banking on defeating us from within? Why else would
they not have taken out Zelensky yet if they weren’t banking on gaining his
support to avoid a never ending war? There’s no good legitimate reason.
Russia has fooled us for long enough. Zelensky is an ally we really really
need just as much as he needs us and he is honestly an awesome ally to
have. It’s time we help him save his people. It won’t be easy but it’ll be
worth it in the end. I’m pretty positive I was just proven right about
pretty much everything in Russia’s latest attempt to use me to send you
guys a signal about our military and the jets the other day—now I really
need you to believe me about this. I feel highly confident in this final
determination of Russia’s true intent btw.

P.s. You guys, do you want to know my ultimate hope? My ultimate hope is we
defeat the kremlin and free all the people under its control. The kremlin
only knows negative reinforcement, they do not know positive reinforcement.
I have little doubt that a lot of our fellow colleagues will thank us later
for it later if so. A lot of Russia's proxies are actually victims to the
kremlin themselves. And plus, I really want to see my brother again
someday. I still think he has time to make up for anything he may have done
previously.

🤞🤞🤞

Last thought, if we don’t act soon we may never be free.

#IStandWithUkraine #AmericaStandsWithUkraine #TheWorldStandsWithUkraine
#TruthIsStrangerThanFiction #FightForFreedom

Thank you,

Chase G

🙏🙏🙏
References



This is fake. I was able to get behind their cloudflare account so that
means Russia could as well if it really wanted to. Plus those numbers look
fake as hell and in real charts it’s normally a lot more spread out than
that because Russia itself uses servers in other countries, etc, etc.

This is indicative of a Russian social media troll farm account. 14.9k
followers in something like 7 days for a brand new account/alias. They
still don’t advertise any caution in regards to using your own mobile phone
number..

Look how professional their seo is. And how fast they freaking grew. Their
social media troll farms are still healthy and doing as well as
ever–arguably better than ever–it looks like they finally managed to
corrupt some western ui/ux people and some social media experts against us
or something. (They are now working on corrupting the left) This is the
problem. And yet we do nothing. We do nothing about this nor their hacking
and strategically corrupting our entire fucking society. According to you
guys if Russia attacks any NATO country then we will have to respond, that
doesn’t hold any fucking water when they are already fucking attacking us
in every possible way besides using real-life bombs and whatnot and yet we
have still yet to fucking acknowledge it or respond. It makes it seem like
our alliance is a fucking joke. It’s not hard for Putin to exploit this
vulnerability of ours and make us look foolish as an alliance. He did the
same thing with Ukraine. The real alliance should be any god damn democracy
rather than only a select few, democracy vs dictatorship is the real battle
that’s playing out in this world after all. Then maybe they wouldn’t have
attacked Ukraine in the first place. And now we are on the verge of defeat
and you guys still won’t recognize the fact that they are fucking attacking
us. All they have to do is continue on this path, defeat America, and every
other democracy in the world will fall. And yet they are doing this to
everyone. (Trust me, I researched Brexit social media dissemination and I
can tell something similar is up with Australia, etc, etc) It’s not that
democracies suck, it’s that we aren’t fucking aggressive enough and haven’t
been taking hints from what Putin is doing and responding in kind. And any
person who is elected who is actually aggressive enough is already a Putin
proxy. (From 2016 onwards I mean, there’s no way that anyone is going to
beat out Trump for the Republican nomination in 2024. We are currently
engaged in the battle of our lives–and we won’t even fucking recognize it)
All those people who died for freedom will have died in vain.

Art of War Quotes

Fixed some stuff in this illustration including the “Probability of
Overcoming Defeat Overtime” chart, I changed it to make it more accurate,
and I made it so the top “Hackers” takeover quadrant better corresponds to
the war in Ukraine. To be clear, Trump claiming “Russia is not so bad” did
have effects on our churches and businesses and police and congressmen
getting hacked. I am highly confident it had an effect on our businesses
getting hacked because that’s when we started hiring Russian contractors at
my work. And I've witnessed it all go down first-hand myself.

I think I’ve now pretty much confirmed Russia is indeed now targeting some
of our hackers now as well… 💣 💣 💣 💥💥💥 -> This is how you’ve got to
think about it because 💥 is what it is. (21st century superpower style of
attacking your enemies from within without them even knowing they are under
attack) From now on anytime Russia or China does anything like
hacking/corrupting our society or interfering with our social media then do
me a favor and picture an 💣 💥 going off in your mind–if we don’t do just
that–then we will most definitely regret it later–mark my words.



Link to request concessions by our government on mig fighter jets to
Ukraine:

https://twitter.com/intent/retweet?tweet_id=1502153102639591426


As of March 12, 2022

I’m doing as well as I can be given the circumstances btw. I could use some
help disabling this damn microchip like I said and then getting the hell
out of here but that’s it. At least it gives me something to work towards
though. I honestly enjoy combatting Russia in any way I can–it’s fun. I’ll
admit, it’s arguably even funner now that they already know who I am–it
means I don’t have to worry about making mistakes nearly as much. It sucks
they are so far ahead of us and that I’m at such a disadvantage but beyond
that, I still enjoy it. Take that Russia. The very nature of you coming
after me is enjoyable to me.

Russia is in its final stages of targeting our society and defeating us
from within. When you think about it from the perspective I’ve laid out,
and when you consider this whole Ukraine ordeal might really be at least in
part meant to bait our people into “reflexing” in the way the kremlin
expected us to reflex, with the intent of them exploiting our reflexes,
then technically Russia is accurate in their statement about Ukraine just
being a “special military operation”. The real operation is regarding the
remainder of the free world and its citizens, particularly those who are
willing to fight back. They seem to be already creating lists of people to
prosecute for breaking their new “misinformation” law or something, for
when they defeat us from within, which carries a fine of up to 15 years in
prison. That is at least in part what Ukraine is all about in my opinion.
That is why it was not in their best interest to take Zelensky out in short
order. That is also why it’s best for them to piss the whole world off at
this time and do things that are otherwise unthinkable. Because their real
goal is to catalogue all of the resistance.

I got a vibe from the hackers that this is what Ukraine is really all
about–before I ever started telling you all about it and before I started
digging into it further myself. They legit act like they have already
defeated us to me. And they warn me whenever I’m about to break one of
Russia’s laws as if I’m now governed by Russia. One of these days, anyone
who doesn’t fight back is going to regret it for years to come.

https://1920.in <- use caution ⚠️ - don’t use own phone number ⚠️ - use
google voice or twilio or something instead - these guys can hack anything
I’m telling you.

https://twitter.com/i/status/1502799750814482438

One last thing, I think it would be wise if our military reported some of
their NSA exploits that the Russsians are now using to defeat us to the
corresponding companies like apple, netgear, and anything else using a
broadcom wifi chip, etc, etc–if it is indeed true that the exploits the
Russians are using are the same as the NSA’s exploits–so that those
vulnerabilities can be patched and so that it would even the playing field
a little bit. Because I’m pretty certain Russia and China are now using OUR
NSA’s malware to defeat us from within, and they are way ahead of us in
doing so, and so the only real way to get it all to stop would be to force
every country to restart from scratch with their most sophisticated
automated malware and to patch all of the devices around the globe
asap–even if that means we can no longer hack ppl as effectively for a
little while. If things are really going as they seem–doing so might well
pay dividends in the long run. And it wouldn’t be risking starting a
nuclear war or anything–if anything–it would potentially save the free
world in my opinion.

P.s. I opened the original folder back up again for now—please don’t make
me regret doing so. I still don’t want anyone referencing any of it
publicly however—without my consent—nor using it to undermine our alliances
or unity. I’ll be honest. I don’t know what is the best route to take in
all this. The whole ordeal with my brother seems like it may never goto
court unless we reign Russia in first anyways.

I know I’m not qualified to even come close to trying to make a call on
something of this magnitude really, and I realize I clearly don’t have all
the information that the people in our government have. But I do know that
freedom is definitely worth fighting for. And I do think I know we are
already in the midst of a shadow war here at home and we are seemingly not
doing so hot in that shadow war. If anything, we are strongest when it
comes to our conventional military—and Russia knows that. Plus, never
underestimate the power of unity. All I know is if we were to always let
the fact that someone has nuclear weapons hold us back from getting
involved in anything, then this world is going to quickly turn into a
complete shit show. In addition, I wish we would just be honest about what
Russia is doing to us here at home—it’s better we say it then someone else
saying it in my view. Maybe then we could gain more support for a direct
conflict with Russia. But who knows, it’s hard to say what Russia really
wants. They use false flags and whatnot so much that it becomes hard to
tell. But it’s not impossible to tell, if I had to guess right now—my bet
would be Russia wants us to stay out of it—they are banking on us staying
out of it actually—and therefore they’ve already determined their result
will be much better if we do stay out of it. They wouldn’t be intimidating
us to stay out of it if they wanted us to take part. I really do stand
behind my hypothesis on Russia btw. Our government has got to know that
Russia and China have been hacking/targeting all these different key
segments of our society for some time—not just ours but Europe's too—all of
our democracies tbh—and I would hope our governments would realize the
significant consequences of them doing so.

I’m therefore scared for the free world if we don’t get involved at this
point tbh. Russia knows we have the advantage in the conventional military
arena—it also knows they have the advantage in the shadow war arena. That
should tell you everything you need to know for the most part. All I know
is I would be wiling to bet Russia would jump in and help a fellow
dictatorship if the roles were ever reversed. But that’s the thing—the
roles are likely never going to be reversed. If nothing else please at
least consider the potential consequences of if we don’t get involved with
Ukraine and what all could happen if we don’t—worst case. Because I promise
you people will remember the fact that we didn’t get involved and will hold
you accountable at the ballot box—especially if it turns out how I think it
might. Things are going to get a lot worse pretty quickly now too in
Ukraine, Russia is now closing in on Kiev. I guess on the other hand tho,
trump never got involved with the Kurds but this one feels a little
different.

Anyways, you don’t have to worry too much about me btw, I should be fine
regardless of what happens. I’m fighting for my country and for freedom
after all, what could be better than that? (Beyond not having to have to
fight for freedom in the first place I guess) Please keep supporting
Ukraine as much as physically possible and don’t let them give up hope. I
realize this being halfway across the world puts us at a disadvantage as
well. And I realize how many lives are on the line. But if I’m right about
Russia anyways, then that many lives are likely on the line anyways. And
freedom is worth quite a bit.

https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1N4w5q-SJ-2aZXt4iiajGkpBJEa9gHYnU
<https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1N4w5q-SJ-2aZXt4iiajGkpBJEa9gHYnU>

As of March 14, 2022

My brother is a cold blooded killer you guys. I don’t know if he ever
deserves being forgiven. I think that’s just wishful thinking on my part.
I’m pretty sure they just made another attempt at my life.

I’m fine. I just need to get out of here.

It’s scary cuz they literally think of ways to kill me that they can cause
plausible deniability and they wait for times to kill me when think they
are most likely to get away with it. And they monitor me 24/7 and they have
a tunnel somewhere into my house. And they did successfully defeat the RF
encryption algorithm on my latest SimplySafe security system–it didn’t take
them very long to do so. They have hacked literally everything in my
house–and my house is full of digital gadgets tbh. They use their damn
tunnel to get in my house and take pictures of my keys when I leave them
anywhere so that they can then 3D print my various keys as well, including
the keys to any safe I buy.

I would leave but I haven’t been able to disable the microchip yet. So why
risk going somewhere I am unfamiliar with when I know they will just follow
me there? That’s opening myself up to another situation where they could
just kill me and get away with it.

To be clear, I am grateful for everybody’s help. I’m just trying to point
out that we clearly have some problems in our country that need to be
resolved. These guys wouldn’t be pursuing me to begin with if I weren’t at
least mostly right about what I have alleged–it really is that simple. Like
think of all the different people Putin could put on his hit lists, the
oligarch who just put a $1 million dollar reward on Putin’s head for
instance, etc, etc–and yet for some reason they chose me–and they devote
all their resources to me. All based on a couple twitter postings about
them interfering with our social media and being behind QAnon previously,
trying to defeat us from within, etc, and based on my brother’s desire to
get rid of me. And yet they are completely determined to kill me now.

It’s as if we already don’t have freedom of speech in some regards–which is
just infuriating tbh.

To be clear, Dusty does deserve being locked up for the rest of his life in
my opinion–regardless of what I may say at any point in the future. He’s
killed my whole family. All that about seeing him again and whatnot is just
wishful thinking and always has been and always will be wishful
thinking–Dusty really deserves the death penalty tbh–maybe life in
prison–whichever he wants less is what he truly deserves. Plus I really
don’t think he’s ever going to do the right thing at this stage.

Just real quick, I was watching this youtube video just barely made by
Alexei Navaly, one of the guy’s Putin locked up fairly recently, (
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T_tFSWZXKN0) and the hackers started
prohibiting my internet access as soon as it got to the part where it was
explaining how Putin’s palace was funded through bribes, etc. I took two
takeaways from it.


   1.

   You could likely use that same model of bribery to bust my brother and
   his Russian cronies who are helping him in trying to kill me, specifically
   in regards to how they likely get paid and/or how their assets are likely
   paid for.
   2.

   These guys continue to engage in federally prohibited cell and wifi
   jamming activities in their blocking of all my communications
   regularly–particularly after an attack when urgent phone and email
   communications are most needed.


I do get frustrated sometimes that this doesn’t move faster. I get
frustrated sometimes that you guys haven’t arrested my brother yet. Etc,
etc. But at the end of the day I have been able to learn the true scope of
the issue first hand myself and I therefore realize why it is taking so
long. I now understand that this is about a lot more than just me, my dog
turbo, my father Tim, and my sister Karie. It’s about our whole country and
our allies’ countries and it’s about democracy itself. I just don’t want to
see us continue making the same mistakes nor get defeated is all. In a way,
we all rise and fall together.

I have since changed my mind on intervening in Ukraine with the jets for
now, idk it’s a tough one. I just worry our adversaries might be trying to
bait us into war given our inflation is already a little high in an attempt
to defeat us. See this video:

👇👇👇🤙

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xguam0TKMw8

Someone should show Trump supporters this video. It’s clear if we get along
we are a lot less likely to have anyone challenge us. Ukraine has helped a
ton–we owe them big time. Biden needs to work on the inflation part of it
as well.

We need to watch inflation closely to avoid falling out of our dominating
status and we need to avoid getting involved in wars if at all possible to
avoid another rising super power from taking us out–but it really is a
balance. There are pros and cons both ways. At least now we are united.
It’s as if our adversaries are following that exact video only in
attempting to use it against us to defeat us. And I worry about the entire
free world if they succeed. Plus it’s clear you guys are playing the long
game which is smart–your strategy really is the smartest strategy after
all–the sanctions will most definitely get to Russia over time without too
much risk to ourselves. How that works exactly when countries like Russia
are essentially taunting you and your citizens constantly–idk–but I’m sure
all the sanctions will help. There’s plenty of ways to get creative to get
them to stop without causing a full blown war however I now feel. Some
sacrifices will likely have to be made but it’s all for the greater good,
and that is okay with me I guess, specifically referring to the fact that
i’ll likely be a sacrifice myself. In a way this was another trap cuz we
cannot fight another world war right next to Russia and China, so I’ll
admit I was probably wrong on that one just due to a lack of context about
how super powers fall, and a lack of thinking about the consequences to all
our democracies if that were to really happen. It really is a battle of
good vs evil.

Ukraine is doing pretty darn well without the fighter jets all else
considered. I can see why you don’t want to give them jets and risk
starting another world war. However I will say–we should definitely do
everything we possibly can for them and we should keep checking up on them
daily. (These guys keep changing what I write when I’m away to try and make
me look cold hearted–when in reality–I want nothing more than to help
Ukraine out–as stated previously–it's just we have got to find another way
I guess–world war isn’t in the best interest of anybody–and russia and
china seriously might be trying to do just that RIGHT NOW)

We should most definitely condition Russia to talk to us diplomatically
rather than constantly sending us “signals” tho. The “signals” are complete
bs tbh. Talk to our faces and quit being scared. Just sayin.

Again just wishful thinking on my part that we will ever be able to truly
stop Putin’s mafia’s aggressions. So my apologies for my having a lack of
context on that subject as well. I just want Putin to go away that’s all. I
feel this world will be a better place without him tbh. I can’t believe his
whole government is essentially a mafia that operates globally. It’s nuts.
I’ve been encouraging anonymous to make sure they remain anonymous when
targeting Russia lately for this reason.

Anyways, if you’ve learned one thing about me throughout all of this it’s
that I am extremely honest. I say what I think at the time for the most
part. Some of it is right, some of it is wrong, but the overall theme of
what I say is normally at least pointed in the right direction especially
if I’ve maintained the same viewpoint overtime, and I really do just want
to try and do what’s best for both my family and my country and Ukraine and
everyone else that’s not trying to undermine us.

We really are all in this together as democracies anyways. Like Putin has
been undermining all of our democracies in similar ways, and while it may
sometimes seem tempting to go towards a dictatorship model, we all love our
freedom and it can be easy to take it for granted sometimes, but at the end
of the day we shouldn’t. Because freedom is everything. I can’t imagine a
world led by someone like Putin tbh. I wouldn’t want to play a part.

I hope my feedback has helped. I noticed we are working on passing a law in
congress to make it required for businesses to report when they’ve been
hacked to the government–which is a huge step in the right direction as
well.

https://youtube.com/watch?v=CZ3lX69URIM

I can’t imagine having a high level government job, that must be so
stressful. But you guys are honestly doing a really good job at it, all
things considered. It’s definitely a balance though that’s for sure.

One last thing, and I’m sure we are researching it ourselves. But these
guys have taken infrasound and electromagnetics and nanotechnology to the
next level. We should look into doing all that ourselves.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_SqYNWgs58

Part 2

You guys, if my brother Dusty manages to give me cancer, like I suspect
he's been trying to do–I’m going to have a really hard time restraining
myself from going after him. Like put yourself in my shoes–you would too.
But like no seriously–sometimes I want to deck him so fucking hard it’s not
even funny. I realize that’s not in my best interest to ever go after him
if I want this case to ever be prosecuted. But I just found more poison
shit in my hat for instance. It gave me hives every fucking day I put my
hat on only I didn’t narrow it down to my hat until just today.

You have no idea how much patience and faith in law enforcement it takes to
not retaliate in any way. I’ve given Dusty the benefit of doubt repeatedly
for years and yet he never stops. They are like convinced that we have
already been defeated or something but in reality them doing all this shit
to me to try to silence me or what have you has caused our government to
become aware of all these things and take actions to avoid it. So
essentially them coming after me to begin with has been and will ultimately
prove to be the seed of their own demise, same with them coming after
Ukraine.

Part 3

K so I just thought of something. I could be off but I feel like it
actually fits quite well. What if this whole ordeal is actually meant to
convince you all that democracy is actually sub-par to communism? Like
seems how they keep doing this shit that is pretty obvious it's indeed them
doing it but given the way our laws are structured, it makes it a lot
harder to bring charges against or prosecute them because the bar is beyond
a reasonable doubt? What if they are really just trying to convince the
broader population around here not only that communism is better but that
communism is already inevitable for us essentially? Hear me out. I thought
of this because for one, I realized the timing of when Dusty went missing
previously, it was right after I called him out for essentially flipping
his political affiliation right when he started coming after me. If this
really is/was their goal then that would make sense because they know that
as soon as you fellow republicans know my brother is playing you in regards
to his political affiliation then that would be counterproductive to what
they are trying to do. And they realize that no republican is going to be
convinced of a socialist communist from another socialist–particularly
another socialist in their same country. In addition, it fits in the sense
of my family’s past history and just the notoriety of it all. It makes it
so they could try and manipulate a large audience into losing faith in
things like our freedom from search and seizure, our right to stay silent,
our democracy in general, etc, etc–all at once. It also fits in that I
think that’s what they were trying to do when somebody I suspect shared
this very file/folder with Ukraine tbh. Now that’s some psychology for you.
That’s the level of psychological manipulation I’m dealing with and trying
to decipher here, it’s not easy. They put on “shows”.

I specifically recall them being touchy about both any remarks about
political affiliation and the time I said I prayed–which I did pray and I
likely treated it more seriously than they do but they didn’t like it as if
they're really just trying to target YOU–the audience of this documentation.

Let me give you my counter arguments to all that just incase that is what
they are ultimately trying to do. First, this wouldn’t be happening if a
foreign country weren’t trying to interfere with our politics–period. It
also wouldn’t have happened with so little concrete evidence to show if it
were being carried out by anyone else besides a sophisticated foreign
government. (I mean they got everything from 0day exploits to intelligence
services to hacking to microchips to tunnels–literally everything they
could ever want to be able to pull something like this off and get away
with it–nobody else is ever going to have all that) Therefore, there would
most definitely be more mistakes made by anyone who doesn’t have all the
resources these guys have. Which disqualifies the notion of communism
potentially being better than democracies based on what’s happening just
off the bat in my view. That would be like us corrupting some foreign
communist leader and corrupting a bunch of cronies and having them all
stage shit to try and convince their people that democracy is better than
communism. Second, imagine if the person with the best relationship with
the boss/leader always won in cases like this–or in any case for that
matter–that would mean I would be completely and totally screwed. I
wouldn’t even have a chance I mean. It would mean people like my brother
could kill whomever they wanted without repercussions essentially–not based
on what they know but based on who they know and how corrupt and ruthless
they are. Third, I’ll just say that the first officers I spoke to about all
the EMF stuff I think actually did mainly just take my word for it and I
think they did go out and get some kind of warrant based on my word
alone–because they straight up pretty much indicated that’s what they were
going to do after asking me if I was highly confident it was my brother. So
it’s not impossible in a democracy to do things like that I don’t think if
they can do it.

I’ll admit, I can do a better job myself at not feeding into this potential
frustration with the rule of law narrative myself, I always get caught in
their damn traps tbh—not intentionally but just because they have such an
advantage over me and because they switch up their false flags behavior
from their real meaningful behavior constantly. One time they will act like
they don’t want me to do something when they really do and the next time
they will act like they will act like they don’t want me to do something
when they really don’t. Bottom line is any non foreign superpower would
have made more mistakes by now and this wouldn’t be happening if they
weren’t trying to interfere/manipulate our country to begin with. And if it
did still happen—Dusty would have been totally screwed by now. This is the
first time anyone has ever had any real legitimate reason to even question
him about any of what I now suspect he’s done tbh, so if he really did kill
my father and sister now that it fits a pattern, then that wouldn’t have
been any different if we were a communist country anyway. (He likely would
have just gotten away with it and kept getting away with it tbh)

Me personally, I like being given my fair shot at justice—even if the
wheels of justice turn exceeding slow. I apologize what I said earlier btw,
sometimes I just get heated in the moment and I do want to deck him in the
face or worse. But thus far I’ve kept my composure and I plan to continue
to be that way. Just writing this helps me understand why this case is so
unique and gives me more patience myself tbh.

To be clear, dusty is still involved with all this he’s just not as obvious
about it these days. I get tired of their “shows” they put on using real
people's lives and all their psychological manipulation bs tbh.

Zelensky, if you are reading this. Do what you think is best deep down in
your heart. There’s plenty of us who have your back either way. Your people
clearly have your back. Don’t be fooled by all the bots on social media
pressuring you either–that’s f-ing Russia’s troll farm mostly. The United
States of America and democracies in general are still extremely strong at
least in part thanks to you–we are a lot stronger than Putin’s cronies want
you to believe. This has been a wake up call for all of us tbh. Don’t let
them persuade you through guilt and shame if you can help it. But I won’t
blame you if you feel like it’s best for your country to cut a deal with
Putin at this time either. It’s a tough one tbh.

White House, if you are reading this, keep supporting Zelensky as much as
physically possible without starting WWIIII please. You were probably right
about that one, that would not be the best place for us to have to fight
WWIII right next to two major adversaries like that but we still have got
to do something in my opinion. We will get through this together and show
these fools what democracies are really made of absent all this
interference from thuggish dictators—and unity is critical to that. We
could always do the same back to them I guess, technically we’ve now
already started lol. It’s only a matter of time until the sanctions and
everything kick in now.. Also, be aware that one of my congressmen/senators
I think might have shared this document with some people in an attempt to
undermine our democracy and decrease our reputation with our allies, just
fyi.

Allies, Putin is closing off his internet for a reason, all of us
democracies need to take some cues from Putin in that regard. Putin
protects his internet cuz he knows just how effective a tool it is to
undermine other people’s countries. China’s internet is harder to target as
well on social media as compared to other western societies–and China does
it for a reason because they know how effective it is too.

I get the sense Russia is doing this on behalf of China btw. Like it was
meant to be some kind of trap or something. When you think about it from
Putin’s perspective, knowing what I know now, Putin must have seen this as
a win-win. 1. Either they get all of us involved in WWIII right next to
both Russia and China while we are already facing some inflation and aren’t
ideally positioned ourselves, or else 2. they get Zelensky to turn
communist and potentially bring some of our allies with him; or else 3.
they undermine Joe Biden with his constituents and completely shatter the
whole world by being so evil and completely crushing Ukraine in front of
everyone. That explains why Putin did it now to me a little better, but
it’s still like wtf dude–get some help Putin. Like I swear. Then I assume
just like in any dictatorship, it would have put Russia in China’s good
graces as an “Oligarch”, only on a country-to-country level “Oligarch” for
China. In effect Russia has become China’s hitmen. It’s all just a bunch of
thugs and killers thinking they are way smarter than everybody else if you
ask me. When in reality they are just f-ing sick and twisted–nobody else
thinks that way for a reason–staging shit and putting on shows with real
ppls lives only to manipulate other ppl into getting what you want all for
your own selfish reasons and causing a damn world war just for the hell of
it. It’s like god damn, go get some counseling already or something.

This is not easy. We should get Ukraine a boat load of stuff including new
more advanced anti aircraft weapons or drones while we still can. Drones
would be cool cuz then it’s like okay Russia, you can shoot them down if
you want lol–if you can catch us flying 'em in there. ;) But no foreal–we
have got to have a plan for if/when Kiev gets cut off by Russia. Me
personally–I’ve been messaging China lately whereas they are like the
parents funding the whole ordeal. Make sure we check on Ukraine daily as I
said–please. We are all in this together and I still mean what i said
previously about the jets now I am just a little more unsure is all.
What their tunnel in my house sounds like

I think they are most definitely up to something. This sound isn’t heard by
me but it’s been being picked up on all my cameras lately. I do think they
somehow have direct access from their tunnel to my attic tbh, but I need to
track down my house’s floorplans. However I might be signing off for a
little while. It’s getting too close you guys. Regardless, I wish you all
the best of luck going forward. Ukraine, USA, allies, colleagues, family,
everyone. I’ll be in touch occasionally but please consider everything I
have written and keep up the fight against evil while I’m away for an
undetermined amount of time.

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1KRjIj91fwn8ZdA7oduhpXOo8Ka_L77ij/view?usp=sharing


I got a new simplisafe alarm system today. I’m hoping this one will keep
them out for at least 10-15 days–if all goes as hoped. I have got to screw
with their RF readings by pushing more than one button at once anytime I
arm or disarm my system–just to get the best longevity out of it. The last
one I threw them off by doing just that and I probably got about 20-25 days
out of it. Not to mention everything else I’ve got to do with my phones,
wifi, passwords, pins, etc just to keep them out for that long. It’s a
constant struggle tbh. Simplisafe is cool tho cuz it has 2 different cell
phone sim cards and doesn’t necessarily even require wifi. But even still
they can crack the underlying encryption signature after they receive
enough samples–and once they do that then there’s no real way to get the
simplisafe to change it’s underlying signatures unless you buy a new one.


I’ve been trying to use psychology to get to their heads lol. I know Russia
is into space and whatnot. So I made it appear as though aliens are on our
side within a video I created recently. I like what Zelensky said today to
the Russian troops tbh–that was smart. This is still a work in progress
btw.. I’m debating on whether to add any words to it or whether to keep it
just completely universal by having the graphics/sound themselves tell the
story.. (you know, kinda like russia does everything in signals lol–i’m not
supportive of that in terms of country to country governmental
communications however–because it’s easy for miscommunications to take
place) The original thought for doing it however was to warn people of
potential traps set by the russians in our hacking and social media, etc.
Maybe I’ll just have to make 2 of them..



Did you see Russia released all the ips attacking it’s country? It was a
combination of the fbi, cia, and a bunch of different hacking groups.

https://thehackernews.com/2022/03/russia-releases-list-of-ips-domains.html

https://safe-surf.ru/specialists/news/676114/ (Be careful)

I take out my frustrations with my brother and Russia and China doing shit
like the above video and whatnot these days..

As of March 15, 2022

One way we could tell who keeps coming over to my house and find their
tunnels is to look into any publicly available anonymous cell phone
location statistics over the last year btw. Normally even though the
records are anonymous–you can still trace them back to their homes. And I’m
talking this person or persons would show to have shown up at my house
literally like numerous times a week–even though I rarely ever have
visitors anymore. (Whereas I’m being gangstalked, it’s hard enough just to
survive let alone have company over tbh)

I reached out to China just barely and I straight up told them how I feel.
The hackers weren’t too pleased.

I think I’ve pissed them off enough for now, now it’s time for me to lay
low until shit calms down a little. They are most definitely planning
something, I already heard someone/something going on up in my attic right
after I sent that message to China, and I’ve since smelt gas in my room I
normally sleep in. So yea, I’ll be in touch. I’m hoping China requests that
they stop coming after both me and Ukraine but I honestly doubt it at this
point, China has changed.

May the force be with you. ;)

As of March 19, 2022Investigation Assumptions

So I’d like to clarify something that’s been a little unclear even to me at
times.

Alright so imagine most all of this is true for a second. Now think about
how it ideally would be investigated vs how it might practically be
investigated given it could be a matter of national security and all the
confidentiality involved.

Starting when I first reported the EMF incident. I believe I originally
reported it to the FBI online and then I called the local police dispatch
afterwards. When I called the local police dispatch they sent two
detectives to my home, both were driving their own cache county sheriff
trucks, and one of the officers was detective Joseph Escobar, whom I stayed
in touch with for probably 2-3 weeks after and who I kept up to date with
everything that was happening. Detective Escobar was honestly really cool,
I’ll just say he acted like he believed me throughout. 2-3 weeks into it is
when detective Escobar was done investigating, he just left me with “if I
am in danger then call 911”--he never demeaned me in any way or anything.
Right at that same time is when my brother reached out to me essentially
saying that was fast, how’d I do it that fast? And it was right around the
same time when Dusty first showed me he could make it all stop himself.
Anyways, since then when I tried figuring out how to get back in touch with
detective Escobar again, and when I tried referring my workplace to the
same detective I had been talking to–-the local police department didn’t
even know who Joseph Escobar was and the phone number I had texted
Detective Escobar on seemingly was now no longer in service or at least it
no longer had any response from Detective Escobar. From my experiences with
Detective Escobar I did get the sense that he was a real cop and that he
was really investigating the EMF stuff, like he wasn’t just some guy my
brother hired to come pretend to be a real cop. And based on the fact that
I still have the video of when they came to my house, I further assume that
these guys were in fact real cops, because if it had really been some fake
set up or whatever, then my brother’s people would have totally deleted the
following video a long time ago. Plus I got a number of showings of
solidarity from these cops that my tips were indeed helping them get to the
bottom of whatever was going on at the time. (See original video of
Detective Escobar here:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1XPZkAdBpeudnP2UII1FC88Fv68cVAP5K/view?usp=sharing)
However it has been made clear to me since then that whatever those
detectives found out previously didn’t necessarily make it’s way back down
to the local police department, which I now assume to be because it was
deemed to be either top secret or a matter of national security.


It almost seems like these cops must have been special cops that are
already investigating this type of incident elsewhere or something. Like my
report must have had some of the same halmarks as other reports that have
also been reported elsewhere within Utah or something. I now take when my
brother asked me how I caught him/them so fast or whatever, I now assume
that was my brother pushing me for knowledge to let him know what all
Detective Escobar told me on the subject. And whereas he didn’t tell me
anything really on the subject, that meant my brother/Russia could continue
their pursuit of me because they had already been caught but the intel
wasn’t shared with any of the local law enforcement. That’s my take on it
anyways. And by them getting caught, I mean Detective Escobar likely just
determined it was Russia or China and he didn’t go any deeper than that.

Alright so knowing all that, now look at all this from a global super
power’s perspective. It’s in our best interest as a superpower to project
strength so that we keep our alliances in tact and in good standing, etc.
Therefore, it’s actually in our best interest not to make things like this
known publicly. And there inlies the issue these guys are exploiting in
this case in my opinion. It makes it to where anybody I might tell all this
to won’t immediately understand why this isn’t playing out how they might
expect–myself included. But in reality–it’s been playing out how one might
realistically expect given the nature of our government and the various
levels of classification, once you consider some of the particular nuances
that are likely involved in something of this caliber, etc. However with
that said, it does make it a particularly shitty experience for the
victims, I will say that.

Most victims likely don’t get as far as I have gotten. I can totally see
how other victims might ultimately be led to blame their own government in
this situation. It makes it to where, thanks to classification and what
have you, then the victims are left almost completely SOL to all other
forms of law enforcement beyond the highest level of government. Meaning
most of what I’ve said here likely only resonates with people who are in
some of the highest positions of our government. And to everybody else–it
might not resonate very much at all. And that is kind of a problem. It’s
something ripe for exploitation. And these guys are extremely good at
exploitation.

One piece of positive feedback I will give however is for the most part at
least, I haven’t been pestered too much myself since by law enforcement,
which I am extremely grateful for. Can you imagine having all this be true
and then having the local law enforcement actually turn on you and start
completely investigating you or trying to jail you? It’s just a nightmare
position to be placed in tbh. So thank you for that if nothing else.

In a way I can see the need to keep an eye on things in situations like
these, and I hope you do so. But at the same time I hope you also recognize
who the real victim really is, and you recognize and I hope you continue to
pursue the true source of all the psychological manipulation/exploitation.
I hope the feds will at least give the lower level police that much to go
on, if things really are the way I’ve just laid out.

Now imagine if the Russians have managed to corrupt some of our local
community/church leaders/law enforcement, and imagine if there is actually
an investigation going on into some of them as well. Not saying that’s
happening, I have no clue tbh, but that would only make everything even
more secretive in nature and it would therefore make things even worse for
a victim like me if so.

This hasn’t been easy you guys–just throwing that out there. It’s as if all
the odds are/were designed to be against me at every step of the way. I
hope this document helps everyone across all levels of government to at
least somewhat get on the same page in a way that doesn’t undermine our
national security, whereas it’s all just my perspective of it all as a
regular citizen. It’s honestly been the hardest/scariest thing I’ve ever
had to endure and I still don’t even see any light at the end of the tunnel
tbh.

I’m just trying to do what’s right and I’m trying to help protect my family
and my country–that’s it.

Twitter Observation

Trump Russia connection (one of many)

https://www.washingtonpost.com/outlook/trumps-businesses-are-full-of-dirty-russian-money-the-scandal-is-thats-legal/2019/03/29/11b812da-5171-11e9-88a1-ed346f0ec94f_story.html

The Russians will literally stalk platforms like twitter looking for people
to speak up against exact scenarios like shown above and then they will
find out who those people are and lobby amongst themselves on who to go
after next. In my case, my brother must have already been producing
favorable results for Russia and therefore they allowed him to prioritize
me even though I wasn’t even a big influencer. I think they need people
like my brother who have a lay of the land and who know the most effective
way to possibly corrupt our society. Like for instance, my brother would
have known about Dell Loy Hansen and how he owns a shit ton of companies
around here–including companies deemed critical infrastructure, my brother
would have known my company, Rent Dynamics, is also owned by Dell Loy
Hansen; and my brother would have also known our security practices weren’t
necessarily the greatest after having hacked me to begin with in 2019. My
brother also likely would have known the mormon culture around here and how
to exploit that as well. [Opinion]

This happened almost 2 years ago now. I suspect it was an attempt to nail
down who I was by the Russians/Chinese operatives. I suspect Russia has
multiple teams working towards the same end game, and they must have
flagged me across multiple different teams because by 2020 when this
conversation occurred I had already been being targeted by my
brother/Russia. This account of mine only has/had 3 followers btw–that just
goes to show how granular they are willing to go. I have multiple twitter
accounts to try and help counteract all the Russian troll farms which do
the same.

This is no joke you guys. Please don’t take this as me being political
because I’m not. I’m just against corruption and I’m against other
countries trying to defeat us from within more than anything. That’s the
only real way to defeat a super power–so if we protect from that then we
will remain prosperous for years to come. And I personally blame a lot of
our current tribalism politics on foreign influence so even to those who
can’t stand democrats, just know it was not always this way–something has
changed recently and I’m telling you that foreign influence is what you
should really be mad at. The Russians now have proxies on both sides of our
politics that are meant to help make us hate each other–and that is
ultimately what I am against. Social media, when paired with psychology, is
a lot more powerful than you might think. I just so happened to recognize
this early on. I hope by now we have all seen the kinds of problems that
arise when we are divided as a nation and how we become prone to exploit
across all levels if so. And I hope we all can agree that us being defeated
is a bad thing, like you can’t trust Putin. Putin’s own army can’t even
trust Putin. Plus we are better together. That’s like teamMgmt101–the more
diverse the ideas brought to any team–the better the results. (Not
advocating for LBGTQ or anything I’m just saying at least 2 perspectives is
better than one–aka the way our country was designed) I totally get how
people could have gotten caught up in it btw. More people than you could
probably imagine have likely been caught up in it in one way or another. I
think what is important is for those people to work to put an end to it,
and that will ultimately be what counts and helps our nation move forward
as a whole–which is what we need. (I had the same profile pic back then of
my dog too btw, so that message from that chick literally made no sense–and
I rarely even used that account–her english appeared broken as well) Russia
likes traps it seems.

Keep in mind our democracy was designed during a time when dictatorships
and monarchies were the norm.

Please don’t forget to read
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.5pj2htfgtk07


To be clear, I think they might be planning on targeting me again over the
next few days. Just an incling of mine, one of those situations where there
might be an opportunity for them.. It’s honestly a nightmare having to live
like this having to think about what they might have staged and/or what
they might be planning at any given time—but hey it keeps me alive.

Oddity at Doctors Office the Other Day

So I went to see the doctor the other day to get my prescription refill as
usual. I tried setting my appointment as quickly as possible to try and
avoid the harassers from being able to mess with either my sleep or
corroborate a poisoning beforehand. I opened up to the doctor about what
had been going on lately, in particular with the jet that targeted me
recently and how I had now determined it’s not just my brother it’s
actually Russia. It had been about a year since I started seeing this
doctor and given the extravagant nature of what has been going on in my
life recently he decided to issue another drug test just to be safe, only
this time he for whatever reason decided to have it sent off site to hyrum
to be processed. I took the drug test and went home. Starting around 3:15pm
and lasting until around 4:15pm that same day the attackers started
“rubbing something in” to me or giving me signals indicative of them
rubbing something in via their directed energy weapons. In particular, they
were clearly acting like they were happy and they started targeting my
private area with their directed energy weapons. Knowing how they operate
and how they’ve consistently tried undermining me with my doctor
previously, I couldn’t help but assume 1) they clearly have access to my
doctors offices’ systems, and 2) they either used their access to my
doctors office systems to change up some records or else they may have
targeted me with something right before I went in. The reason I didn’t call
immediately is because they let off at 4:15pm, so I figured if anything
happened the doctor’s office likely cleared it up by then. Again, I didn’t
want to overreact but I did take note of the timing in which they started
rubbing something in to me that day. To be clear, I still don’t know the
results of that test—I know what the results should be. But I do recall
feeling a little funny right when I got in there that day. But the results
shouldn’t be anything extraordinary I know that. I’ll let you know what I
find out when I see the doctor again. But this is the fundamental issue
I’ve been complaining about with these guys if my worst fears are realized
is that they keep setting up pretexts and poisoning me without my consent.
And now I’m scared they are going to try and use this as a pretext to try
and kill me before I can get in to see the doctor again. If anybody could
be capable of doing what I allege—it’s Russia. And Russia is whom I’ve
alleged has been targeting me, as laid out in this document. I’ve now sent
a note to the doctor asking them to dig into this further and in
particular, to check their systems in regards to what may have transpired
during the times of 3:15pm and 4:15pm this last Tuesday. I now fear they
may have just stopped rubbing it in around 4:15pm that day to avoid getting
caught essentially–which is why I’m writing this now. To be clear as well,
it wasn’t my hat that was giving me hives—it was my prescriptions. They
disabled my alarm and broke into my room one night leading up to when they
knew I was getting close to having to refill my prescriptions while I was
sleeping and they tampered with my prescriptions—as shown here.





Notice the timing too. It’s as if they did it in anticipation for my
upcoming doctors appointment. So since then I’ve been getting hives daily.
It’s so hard to figure out what the heck it’s from. Because they have put
poison shit literally everywhere in the past–most of which i still haven’t
even been able to figure out what it was. So if anything, if there is some
substance other than what there is supposed to be in that drug test–that is
the first substance we will have gotten definitive proof of their poisoning.
Anyways, just figured I’d give you guys a heads up. I’m only one person you
guys. I can’t win against a foreign intelligence agency on my own. All I
can do is attest to what happens either directly to me or directly in front
of me, and use my intuition from there to try and gleen the most likely
result. I don’t do drugs and I haven’t for a long time–it would be lonely
doing them all by my lonesome anyways. Like I said I still don’t even know
the results. Plus what would be the point of doing drugs when I am in a
life and death situation anyways? It would only put me at that much more of
a disadvantage.

You guys, the feds have all the hacking tools that the Russians have and
then some. Where do you think the Russians got the damn hacking tools?
Also, my brother could care less about you guys–all he cares about is
himself. Even if my brother knew you guys were likely being investigated by
a higher agency–he still wouldn’t have said shit. And I assure you the feds
are involved in this case. I’ve kept them in the loop.

How would you feel

Imagine if you were strolling around twitter one day and saw some punk ass
kid post about Obama or Clinton being a godsend and telling you to prove
them wrong. Then you prove them wrong. And then out of nowhere a foreign
adversary starts trying to track you down and figure out who you are. Then
they start stalking you and harassing you and killing your dog and working
with your murderous brother—and having no sympathy for the murders of your
family members—and causing your every day life to be a living nightmare.
And they create conflicts of interest between you and everyone you
associate with through all their hacking and they manage to isolate you in
that way—then you find out a bunch of your community including some of the
religious community actually might be partially in on it as well and is
actually helping the others out in various ways because you aren’t
religious and they even got some people on the inside so who the hell else
are the religious people going to believe you or the religious insider? And
they all seemingly could give a crap less about the constitution, our
forefathers, whether your brother murdered your whole family or not, and
they could care less about all the people who died previously to let us
live a life of freedom and luxury—all they seem to want is for you to be
out of the way. How the f-ck would you feel? Because at that point if you
succeed that means you might implicate a lot of them in some way—because
they’ve all been tied up in it to a certain degree and they are all still
buzzing off of the toxic “kool-aid” that the foreign adversaries also
managed to get a bunch of people to drink via poisoning our social media,
news outlets, etc, etc using dark psychology. And nobody gives a damn about
the truth anymore. And even some of your fathers own friends no longer seem
to care all that much that your very own brother most likely actually
murdered both your father and your sister. Just sayin. Oh and they started
sucking up to foreign adversary dictators and worshiping demagogues and
undermining our alliances as if they legit want a full blown liberal
Democrat socialist dictatorship and they aided the adversary in corrupting
and dividing our entire country for that cause—and they always just looked
the other way. And they stayed silent even when it was violent. How would
you feel? And they even had the balls to microchip you while convincing
your whole Republican side that microchips are completely bogus—while
meanwhile silently letting out the alarm to their own side to be weary of
microchips. How would you feel?

Like think it through at the very least first pretty please. That would
never go down like you might imagine. It would most definitely result in a
brutal civil war at the very least—more like a world war—before anything is
ever even worked out because as you can see from Ukraine—the majority of
people in this world aren’t for all that kind of murderous dictator
conquest stuff—they just want to live their lives normally—while
maintaining their freedom—as do/did I.

It’s never too late to do what’s right for your country. We really could
use everybody’s help. They have hacked us so bad to where any business with
enough defenses in place to block their hacking they are able to just hire
an insider for.

I don’t know about you but I’m not letting this country goto ruin while I’m
alive—not on my watch. It’s the least we could do for all those who came
before us.

The mechanisms our adversaries used to get us to the brink happen to be
pretty easy to reverse if we just focus our efforts, call out anybody being
deliberately divisive, and if we simply remain united—and if we return to
the land of facts being paramount and propaganda being forbidden to the
dust heap of history.


As of March 20, 2022We need to support Ukraine 🇺🇦

We need to start thinking 2-3 steps ahead. We need to set Ukraine up for
success regardless of what Russia thinks. Ukraine’s success is our success.
Stop letting everything play out on Russia’s timeline. Let’s create our own
timeline. I hope we are getting Ukraine what they need now while we still
can. It’s tough. But I really do feel Russia has something else in the
works. Like they are purposely creating outrage and it’s possible they are
not accomplishing their publicly defined goals in a timely manner for a
reason possibly to give them time to exploit our citizens reflexes, as
stated previously. They knew where Zelensky was a long time ago—they have
almost just as advanced ballistic weaponry as we do—there’s got to be more
to it than just that. Russia never just does one thing at a time. They
always set up like 2-3 things at a time—they always set themselves up for
the future and nothing is ever as it may seem with them. Putin is planning
something big that could impact the whole world—I just know it. They got so
many different secret weapons it’s insane. Russia is currently in the
driver's seat with this whole operation and we need to change that. We need
to start thinking outside the box. We need to start being more secretive
about things ourselves. That is one of the only downfalls to an alliance
that I can think of; it makes it hard to keep any strategic defense plans
secret. We need to start being more proactive instead of just reactive.

As of March 21, 2022Potential Russian Mafia “Signals”

You’ve got to consider what else was going on in the world at the time and whom
Russia might have been trying to send signals to in order to see a
potential correlation. Not all of them were likely caused by Russia but
some of them definitely could have been.

02/22/2022 - 2 Black Hawk helicopters crash near Utah ski resort

https://www.sltrib.com/news/2022/03/02/crashed-black-hawk/

https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/2-blackhawk-helicopters-crash-utah-ski-resort-rcna17232


03/07/2022 - “Jet airplane assault” incident against myself described in
longer variation of this document which is referenced here. (
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KtnfL3WqWM2PGLCSWt1m4RCGprRhlCzhZkuw0psA3-4/minimalstatic#heading=h.b96n3hoqzxrh)
They’ve threatened doing it again to me since then too–I just didn’t make a
big deal about it because I’m not going to positively reinforce their bad
behavior.

03/13/2022 - Patrol officers and members of the Hazardous Devices Unit
(HDU) safely removed an inert military-grade device from the International
Peace Gardens in Jordan Park

https://twitter.com/slcpd/status/1503077452372918278

03/16/2022 - Russian Drone Flights Into NATO Skies Test Alliance’s Red Lines

https://www.wsj.com/articles/russian-drone-flights-into-nato-skies-test-alliances-red-lines-11647426550


03/19/2022 - 4 US service members killed after aircraft crashes in Norway,
PM says

https://cnn.com/2022/03/19/europe/norway-us-military-osprey-nato-intl-hnk/index.html




03/21/2022 - Plane carrying 132 crashes in China, 'shocked' Xi Jinping
orders probe

https://www.dawn.com/news/1681124/plane-carrying-132-crashes-in-china-shocked-xi-jinping-orders-probe


God, this is making me scared to fly. I have no doubt Russia could be
responsible for more than one of these using its proxies given its
obsession with both “signals” and “exploiting vulnerabilities”. That and
its obsession with dancing around “red lines”. These guys are killers you
guys–they enjoy killing and getting away with it–especially when signals
can be sent while doing it. They are ruthless. They do shit in ways that
allow plausible deniability. Meaning in ways that provide them with cover.
Meaning you’d have to dig deep as hell and have reasoning to suspect foul
play to ever even have a chance at catching them and successfully
prosecuting them for it–then you’d need to dig even deeper to uncover the
ties to Russia with uncooperative Putin proxies/witnesses. (The
proxies/witnesses are uncooperative because they themselves are scared for
retaliation more so than any penalty they’d receive from our justice
system) This is fundamentally how Russia operates across the board. They
have become extremely effective at what they do.

You guys I think these guys worship satan. Isn’t there some reference to
brothers in regards to satan? Maybe that’s why both my brother and Putin
are both going after their brothers. There’s a ton of other parallels to
satan I can think of too. The perfect circles of black feathers left in my
yard previously could represent some black magic or ritual. Their obsession
with fireworks seemingly used as some kind of a ritual or offering to satan
prior to their killings, etc, etc. You guys seriously need to arrest my
brother before he kills anybody else. And we seriously need to take out the
kremlin before they bring about the apocalypse. They are acting incompetent
right now intentionally btw. Think back to the “Art of War” quotes. (
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lK0mGt9S44aFu39nnGZ6ZRYl57FW8IbhYzPjAzWHylE/edit#heading=h.tkub716t2odj
) That’s exactly what they want us to think. After a certain point it
becomes ridiculous to think any world power could really be that
incompetent–let alone Putin who is known for his planning and intelligence.
Don’t fall for it. Anything that seems too good to be true probably is.
It’s just like when they do something that seems blatantly obvious with me
but in reality nothing they ever do is blatantly obvious and so whatever
seems blatantly obvious is likely meant as a false flag operation instead.
It’s hard as hell to truly catch them making any real mistake–believe me.
And you’ll know it when you do. I’ve gotten one hidden camera video of them
throughout this whole ordeal thus far that I’m aware of for instance. I’m
still working on combing through some of my other hidden camera footage
tho, they are able to go through all my footage before I do even still tho
is the problem. And they have x-ray vision and they monitor me 24/7. So
they know where any hidden cameras are placed. I know it sounds crazy but I
promise you it’s the truth. That’s the real Russian intelligence agency
capabilities for you..

Water Tampering

I suspect the attackers have been tampering with my water. I suspected this
a long time ago tbh–I stopped drinking my water a while ago now for this
reason–but they are still doing it and I fear they are now adding something
that may be meant to get to me just through exposure to my bath water now.
Previously I would develop these strange abscesses and I ended up narrowing
it down to my drinking of my water–so I stopped drinking it. They always
use substances that are impossible to test for and they set up their
delivery system to be automated and digitized just like with everything
else they do. (So they can begin to inject their substances into my water
heater when they know I’m about to take a shower, etc, etc, so as to not
waste whatever it is–I always hear them messing with my water heater
whenever I’m about to get in the shower as of lately–and my skin has
reacted multiple times after showering recently as well) I don’t even know
if you could even find a test for whatever it is they are adding to my
water–believe me–I bought tests. Everything they do is engineered and
carried out in a way where the probability of them getting away with it is
extremely high. They take that shit into consideration beforehand, like in
regards to what is most likely to be tested for, etc, etc.

More on the Microchips

That’s right, I've now figured out that it’s not just one microchip it is
indeed the “smart dust” or multiple graphene nanochips at different levels
throughout my left ear. (Which they actually indicated to me previously
when I was looking into smart dust previously, but I’ve since confirmed
that for myself) I have now narrowed it down to indeed be multiple graphene
nanochips that respond to ultrasound between the frequencies of 17,000hz
and ~19,500hz. I have attempted to disable them both using an EMP generator
device and using a red laser.

The results from my EMP generator trials were essentially I was able to
generate some minor EMPs that did somewhat affect other devices like my
ipad–I haven’t tuned it well enough yet to get it to actually kill my
ipad–but it was messing with my ipad–and then I measured the EF/EMF/RF
output of the EMP device and it turns out the EF/EMF/RF readings being
generated by my EMP device to try and disable the microchips was no greater
than the freaking EF/EMF/RF intensities that I have caught them freaking
EMF-ing me at from long range distances themselves. Meaning if their damn
EMF’s aren’t going to disable the microchips when they EMF me
constantly–then I now have little hope my EMP device will disable their
microchips given they are both acting on the same forces essentially, and
given I don’t know how to exponentially increase the intensities beyond
what they are already hitting me with, if that makes sense? But I’m not
giving up. I could just need to fine tune it in the right way or something,
I did seem to get their nanochips to reset or go offline temporarily
however on at least one occasion—I’ve got to do more research and
experimenting I think.

In regards to my laser trials in an attempt to disable the microchips, I
did the research and found out the laser I would need either had to be a
red laser or NIR/IR laser in order to successfully penetrate my skin to get
down to the microchips to even have a chance at disabling them that way. So
that’s what I bought. What happened when I tried it was well for one–I
could tell whenever I was hitting one of their damn microchips because the
laser isn’t even hot on my skin otherwise–but whenever I would pass over
one of their nanochips I could feel it heat up under my skin quickly and I
could actually feel the laser under my skin get hot. Which makes sense cuz
a side effect of graphene is it can get really hot and so what happens when
I hit them with the red laser is they get really hot and I can actually
feel the difference quite noticeably; however, again they have been able to
get their damn microchips to be hotter “in the wild” than I was able to
with my red laser itself, thus far anyways. Remember when I said I knew
where the microchip was because it got really hot on the tip of my
fingernail when plugging my ear with my finger previously? Yea, well that
was just during “normal operations” when they were tracking me driving and
they got it hotter than I have been able to get it thus far with my laser.
I’m still iterating on this method as well however. (While keeping safety
in mind)

I know there are multiple nanochips at different levels throughout my ear
now because of the “getting hot” and feeling where the red laser encounters
hot spots reason and because when I put in an earplug it doesn’t fully
block out all of the sound/signal of the microchips to my eardrum, meaning
there are likely multiple microchips some deeper than others through my
inner ear. It’s all on my left ear only. Another option I might try, and I
actually had to do this originally to get the damn things to not give me a
heart attack after I got my second covid shot–-is to take some different
dosages of aspirin to try and get them to go further through my bloodstream
out of reach of my ear which acts as a natural antenna topology for the
microchips. Meaning if I could just get them to flow a little further maybe
they would then go out of reach from the outside world–however then I’d be
potentially risking a stroke or other bad brain injury–just from taking
aspirin. If you have any other ideas please let me know. I’ve got to do
what the attackers do and research all the strengths and weaknesses except
in regards to unwanted graphene nanochips–which there is virtually no data
on–but I have been researching the strengths and weaknesses of graphene
itself. And then I need to take all those findings and figure out the best
way to disable the graphene in my ear without hurting myself–if it’s even
possible. So it’s kinda like hacking in a way. I got to find the
vulnerabilities and exploit them to my advantage to be free again
essentially.. (And exploiting how graphene gets hot is one such way, I also
considered hitting them with the laser and getting them hot then
photographing my ear using a infrared camera so I could then get someone to
operate and get them out–but thus far I haven’t been able to get them hot
enough to show up as a big enough difference in the infrared camera–however
this may be my best path forward)

If you have any other bright ideas please let me know. 🙏 Seriously you
guys–I really could use some help with this one–I have literally no chance
of escaping them otherwise.

Microchip illustration

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1l8oZM1dy3DRqQD7rbTUZuBG6-EDhdldg/view?usp=sharing


Previous post on graphene and microchip

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KtnfL3WqWM2PGLCSWt1m4RCGprRhlCzhZkuw0psA3-4/edit#heading=h.h5l5d6prev3v


One final note—well two final notes. If the attackers were really that
close to defeating us, then these guys wouldn’t be so worried about hiding
stuff to avoid getting caught anymore. Meaning they are at least still
concerned about the next few years of the potential for them to get locked
up and prosecuted I would think. Therefore we still have time based on my
calculations. Lastly, I was going to say I no longer think China is working
hand in hand with the Russian Mafia to do this horrible shit to us but then
I realized I was too quick to jump to conclusions after feeling bad for
them for that plane crash today. You never know if China is ultimately like
Russia and willing to stage shit against its own citizens in order to gain
strategic advantages itself. So I still don’t know how much of all this is
China at this point. It might just be more concerned than Russia to hide
its inner selves. Only time will tell. (Everyone knows Russia is brutal
now, but China 🇨🇳 is still a tbd—they could just be playing good cop 👮
bad cop 👮‍♂️ still—but in reverse this time)

My superpower💪 === Ability to see through people 👓

It’s a good superpower to have especially during these trying times.. You
all can do it too, you just got to think and make determinations based on
patterns and probabilities like me, and research a ton of shit whenever you
get the chance. Add in continuous learning and the studying of
competition—regardless of whether you are on top or not. And a sprinkle of
being willing to admit when you are wrong and always being willing to
change your mind if the bulk of the evidence permits. Plus
reading/listening to a book or two on psychology and manipulation is a must
in this day and age. Then practice makes perfect as with anything. 😉 Hard
work and determination too I guess. Lose your ego. Ask good questions. Be
honest. Don’t be afraid to stand up for what is right. Have a little
integrity. And utilize common sense. But yea, that’s really all there is to
it.

What’s probably better anyways is if we all team up and use our own unique
super powers to compliment each other and fight back together to retain our
freedom. What is your super power?


As of March 22, 2022Status Update

I’ll try to keep it short.

I went to the doctor today and they didn’t say anything about my drug test
so I’m assuming that was another attempt from the attackers at discrediting
me and/or another false flag operation the other day. Meaning the attackers
didn’t tamper with my drug test that I’m aware of after all. Keep in mind
though that the attackers always do shit that is like uncomfortable for
both parties, so it’s possible the hackers did mess with my doctor’s
systems and my doctor’s office figured it out–idk–probably not–but it’s
possible. If that did happen would they want to say anything about it to
me? Probably not. But for now I’ll just assume that was another false flag
operation on the attackers part, my doctor’s systems are NOT hacked, for
the sake of not making them look bad, and yea my drug test was as expected.
But to be clear–DO NOT let that make you think for even a second that these
guys don’t have the capabilities of hacking anybody and everybody–because
they do–and they pretty much already have.

I didn’t mean to come off wrong on the investigation assumptions piece, to
be clear–I have no insight into what the police are doing whatsoever beyond
my intuition–that was just both an opinion and a warning just incase they
are digging deeper into some of the people around here. Like I just want
people to do the right thing that’s all. I am pretty confident that the
feds are aware of what is going on, and i’m pretty confident that they are
looking into some of this stuff because for one they have access to this
information just like you do and for two because this is all a pretty
freaking big deal if I am right about even half of it, especially once it
begun involving things like our most advanced fighter jet aircraft taking
part in an assault against me to send our government a signal in regards to
the war in Ukraine–I would think that would be at least worth them looking
into how our own military might be rebelling like that and whatnot. And I
can totally see how in order for these guys to have gotten this far, it
would almost have to be more widespread around the broader population
around here, etc, etc. Plus I share this info with my elected
representatives regularly. And I even started following anonymous on
twitter lately and presented them with this information as well, because
they are known to help people like me who are being gangstalked; and plus,
based on some forums I’ve read, anonymous is in fact at least loosely
intertwined with the feds–which is a good thing in my view. It’s kinda like
how Russia does it with supporting their local hackers. But I don’t think
anonymous looked into more than just my network and just briefly and
recently–I provided them this info because they specifically stated they
were going to start going after Russian hackers and so I told them I have
an in to some Russian hackers. And to be clear, it might not even be the
feds who I suspect I’ve seen on my computer alongside my brother and the
Russians malware previously–it may be our actual military. And one more
thing I need to clear up, it’s possible Russia got their malware from
Isreal and not from our government, and it’s possible that’s why Isreal is
still all buddy buddy with Russia. Israel is known for developing super
advanced malware and selling it for tons of money to foreign countries. But
regardless, I’m telling you that both our government’s malware and the
attacker’s malware are very alike–and I’m absolutely positive these guys
have managed to steal at least some of our trade secrets previously. P.s. I
do sometimes fear with all their manipulation that they may have played man
in the middle and intercepted some of my key communications to some of our
officials–so I do worry about that as well. Because they do do that on
other things. But if they did do that when sharing this with our officials
then they snuck it past me. Before I leave I plan to ask you all who are
reading this to share parts of this that you find compelling with our
government officials yourselves just so I can feel like I have literally
done everything and so I can rest assured that our government has been
notified. I think that would also be cool to see what you guys think is
most compelling and to have it put in your own words to them.

Okay so with that said, I realize it goes both ways and this shit is
concerning to you guys in regards to my mental state as well. I want to
give you guys the peace of mind that I am now confident they can’t just
completely take over my mind and go out and make me like start shooting
people or anything like that. I think that happens more to people who they
are able to slowly convince that either it’s like the devil or demons or
something doing this all to them–and not a series of microchips + a foreign
adversary + a murderous brother. They may also be successful in coercing a
target individual to go lash out against the broader society to people whom
just aren’t as intelligent as I am and/or people who aren’t able to get as
far as I have gotten in figuring all this stuff out. (Including who the
real bad guys are and why they may actually benefit from doing this shit to
people within our country, etc, etc) Most people aren’t as technically
savvy as I am either. And even with those people who they are able to “take
over their minds” they don’t really take over their minds like a first
person shooter game, it’s more like they are able to slowly convince them
over time that the world is against them, their government is against them,
and stuff like that to where ultimately they end up radicalizing the
individual and pushing them to do something that ultimately contributes to
undermining our country vs actively controlling them through it. If that
makes sense? I meant for this section to make you feel better, I know it
probably didn’t hit the mark, but my point is that if nothing else just
know that I know what these guys want more than anything is to undermine
our country and to discredit me and whatnot–and so I am extremely resistant
to doing what it is they may want me to do. If I did that then I’d be no
better than my brother and I’d actually undermine everything I’ve been
fighting for previously. Plus, they can’t control me. They can try. They do
try. But they have failed and they will continue to fail. In addition, have
comfort in the fact that people are watching over me already is what I was
getting at as well. If I fell for these guys’ attempts to undermine our
society in such a gruesome manner–that would be the worst possible outcome
in my mind–even beyond just getting killed myself. However to be clear, I
may still fall for their attempts to undermine our society without knowing
it in other ways, like for instance maybe they want me to share this
information publicly to undermine our allies faith in us, etc, etc. But
what I can promise you is I won’t fall for their attempts to undermine us
in the way we all may be thinking in the back of our minds. Some people
don’t even know who or why this is even being done to them, etc, and others
might simply mistake it for god or demons or something like that. None of
those things are the case with me. These guys are very versatile, they
constantly adapt as stated previously, so they are able to just adapt and
coerce people in the way they want them to go based on whatever it is that
that person may believe–but that doesn’t work so well when you know their
ultimate goal is to destabilize our society however necessary. The brain is
a neural network like I said, and even though sometimes I may get
frustrated and feel like some people might be against me–I will never
forget who is the one who is pulling the strings behind the scenes and I
will never forget that they are trying to use me to further destabilize our
country. What I can promise is I will never lose my moral compass and I’ll
always try to do the right thing. What I can’t promise however is like I
might not be able to stop them from using me to get to more of our hackers
or something like that–even though I’ve been trying to even stop shit like
that–I assure you.

That’s enough for today, while I have more I want to say, I’ll save it for
a day when I have less to talk about. I need to keep these shorter going
forward. I also need to take all this info and create a nice organized
summary which simply refers back to these bigger docs for brevity reasons,
and make it easier for people reading to soak in all the key points without
getting into all the details, etc. One more thing, I added a motion
detection sensor to my attic after hearing shit moving around up there and
my alarm was set off this morning around 7:30am while I was asleep via that
motion sensor in the attic. No idea what happened. I didn’t even hear it or
know my alarm had been triggered until I woke up later.

Hacker People

Hey you hacker people–please don’t underestimate these guys’ ability to
even somehow implant malware into this very google docs file somehow that
is somehow able to infect you without your even downloading it. I have
given up on thinking I might know what is hackable and what is not at this
point. These guys have completely blown me away with their capabilities
time and time again. I honestly can’t even think of a better way to share
this info without the possibility of them somehow jerry rigging something
or other to potentially pose a threat to other people’s devices anymore.
Github markdown readme maybe? They got so many 0days–it’s insane. I’ve been
meaning to move everything to github anyways, for the version history. But
yea, I just don’t want them to use me to further destabilize our society so
I’m just trying to be extra cautious that’s all. I have no knowledge of
them being able to do what I just said btw, I just fear the worst and try
to use my intelligence and then I hope for the best that’s all. I work on
moving all this to github just to be safe.. (For real this time, sorry guys
I have a huge backlog of things that can be done–it’s all a matter of what
takes the most priority) Or perhaps more realistically–be careful when
clicking on any links located in the google doc file to sites that aren’t
well known. So like that link to 1920.in for instance. I swear to god that
one is a trap. They can do shit like this just from you visiting a website:
(Again, be careful)

http://samy.pl/webscan/

https://samy.pl/natpin/

That samy guy is good btw. And that’s without any super sophisticated 0days
just found on the internet by me one day when looking around recently–I
actually found it by digging deeper into one of the rf hacking youtube
videos I shared previously–and these guys actually have 0days–seemingly a
lot of them–I assure you. If I weren’t completely gangstalked and whatnot
right now–I’d work on developing some sort of tool for the average
person/hacker to be able to tell whether or not they are hacked using
everything from scanning of internal and external networks to port
monitoring to arp monitoring to packet monitoring and replay functionality
to machine learning to easy setup without having to be a freaking security
expert to behavioral analysis to–you know just like a kick ass all
encompassing intrusion detection/prevention system geared towards the home
user–without dollar signs being the motive behind it like every other
vendor does–in reality the motive behind it would be straight up freedom
and to help save our country. I could still charge for it but the
difference is every other company who develops something that nice ends up
only targeting huge corporations with their products–leaving us normal
people exposed–and us normal people is who Russia primarily seems to be
trying to corrupt and manipulate–in addition to all the corporations but
they get in through people like us. But yea, it’s on my bucket list ;)

My Brother

If you want to go into the belly of the beast and if you want to attempt to
hack my brother, his name is Dustin Timothy Bay and he lives at 3655 S 635
W Ogden, UT 84405. Not suggesting you should–just sayin. I only say this
because like I just found out even my yubikey can technically be hacked
which just makes it so like literally everything can be hacked–I’m not
saying they have succeeded in hacking my yubikey cuz apparently it can take
up to 10 hours of them having access to your yubikey per account to hack
but that was my main last hope and finding that out just barely is just
devastating. It means if they did so then all my stuff I worked so hard to
prevent them from accessing–they could still access. And it just makes it
so literally everything is so heavily weighted towards the hackers over the
hackees in every single case–even that much more now. Even a super skilled
hacker can be hacked regardless of their defenses is what I’m saying. And I
promise you these guys got some really good malware. Multiple 0days if I
had to guess–and that’s not even exaggerating. They are working on behalf
of Russia too based on everything I have found, which is also a pretty big
incentive I might add. Plus you might help save our country like
for-real–and I know I would appreciate no longer being gangstalked anymore
that’s for damn sure. But yea, be super careful and use like layers and
layers of anonymity if you do. Last I was aware of he uses Macs. Just fyi..
If I weren’t in this position that;s what I’d do–cuz it’s like you not only
get access to all his automated 0day malware but you get access to
everything he has gotten access to previously–which is a lot I’m telling
you. It’s like you jump from a small fish to a megalodon in the ocean just
like that. He probably tries to keep his most valuable stuff pretty hidden
and out of sight tho. I cannot be held liable if you do, I'm just
fantasizing that’s all.. :)

As of March 24, 2022

They “baked” me again last night. I can feel the “sun burn” on the lower
part of my body which wasn’t protected by lead as I slept. They are trying
to give me cancer. They seem to want me to go after my brother. Probably
because he knows he’s fucked at this point.

I didn’t realize it was the NATO meetings today or I would have waited to
say that.

Doing the Unthinkable

[Brainstorming]

Seems how someone seemingly shared this with some of our allies, might as
well make the most of it.

Alright guys here is the situation as I now see it.

Things are kinda going the way I thought. Zelensky is now questioning
whether or not NATO can “maintain world peace”--and I don’t blame him.

There’s a few ways I can see us looking at this. For one, we’ve got to
realize we can’t trust everybody anymore because Russia and China have
gotten a head start on us in doing shit the easy way, the incremental way.
(i.e. they’ve been corrupting our citizens incrementally–which is a lot
less traumatic than like a full blown war–but ultimately it is just as
effective long-term as full blown war nonetheless) As for me I mean I’m
totally trying to do what’s right, I’m not an actor, I’ve never been an
actor, but even still they may manipulate me in ways which make me respond
in ways meant to manipulate you in ways of their choosing. So we got to
look out for that. That could be the same thing that’s happening to
Ukraine, idk. I get the sense it is a very similar situation playing out
with Ukraine where they are essentially “gangstalking” Ukraine, and Ukraine
isn’t acting, but even still Ukraine’s reactions are going to be
predictable from the attackers perspective. And they are simply exploiting
their reactions to show the world NATO can’t keep us safe using reflexive
control.

So what do we do about it?

Well like I said we are behind. The best thing would have been to
incrementally corrupt the communist leaders and whatnot as well a long time
ago. And just to be clear I can’t be the one who comes up with the ultimate
solution because whatever I come up with they’ll just begin to watch out
for and block. But I do want to use this opportunity to at least come up
with some ideas.

Alright so just to get this out of the way, Russia has some of the most
advanced electromagnetic control weapons on the planet and they are able to
essentially make us all be more docile or more aggressive using their
electromagnetic control weapons without us even knowing it–so we need to
watch out for that. I’m not even exaggerating. (Elaborate on previous video
shared here and how all our cells can be impacted using electrical signals)

What they are tapping into is literally like evolution on a cellular level.
It impacts how all our cells function. We are fundamentally energy and the
particles in us are mostly made up of air and the electromagnetic
properties of electrons and protons within our atoms. That’s something my
brother actually taught me previously. (I probably didn’t say it correctly
but hopefully you get the point) Bottom line is Russia also now has this
extremely effective long range mind control weapon–that has been proven to
be able to impact people’s desires to even want to live or not from what I
gather. And during a trial run previously some organization in Canada
actually tracked it being used against certain citizens within the US and
Canada from across the globe. And therefore we just need to be cognizant of
the potential that Putin is directing these electromagnetic fields at our
populations on purpose, particularly anybody who is hacked, and
intentionally sending these waves our way to make us feel down and/or feel
like not wanting to fight back. These Russians love mind control that’s for
damn sure–and that’s one form of mind control that can be used on a broad
level.

But yea, in my view, we first define the problem and the constraints.
Here’s a preliminary attempt at me doing so. We need to figure out how to
deal with the existing corruptees in our countries without tearing
ourselves apart, we need to figure out how to close off all the ways the
Russians are getting in to manipulate and corrupt more and more of our
citizens, we also need to figure out how we can effectively exploit them
back, we need to figure out how to best combat the present threat to the
global order, (aka how to save Ukraine) we need to figure out how to remain
united despite the inevitable reflexes Ukraine is going to go through, we
need to figure out how to do so in a way that doesn’t make communism look
like the saving grace, and we need to figure out how to then make sure this
never happens again.

As for closing off ways they are getting in, we have become a little too
open and they are exploiting that fact, if you picture a bell curve with
total communism on the left and total freedom on the right we need to go a
little more to the center. Or at very least we need to do more to make it
harder for ppl to create new social media accounts without any real
verification. Or else we need to make laws that require companies to make
their platforms so that strategic adversarial abuse is not possible.

When you think about it–they have to corrupt literally everybody whereas we
just have to corrupt a small few. But the problem is if they have corrupted
even one person who is critical to a certain vote for instance, then they
can throw off that whole vote in their favor.

Technically we are a lot alike on the levels lower than the main heads of
state. Like I’m sure a lot of Russian companies also hold votes and whatnot
and could theoretically be corrupted in the same ways as our companies–vote
or no vote–everybody likes money and doesn’t want to go public with the
fact that they’ve been hacked/exploited. And if we corrupted a bunch of
their companies then we could theoretically get to a point where we could
begin to impact their heads of state–but targeting oligarchs might be a
quicker path. The only problem is time. They have a head start on us and it
takes time. So that won’t work right now, but it is a valuable lesson for
the future.

Media is key in both societies and I have seen how we’ve been going after
their media lately which is a plus.

One idea I have is to start treating them like the alliance they are and to
start punishing them accordingly. China, Russia, Iran, and North Korea. For
the actions of one we punish all of them.

We need to exploit communism. How might we exploit communism? And in short
order? While staying united? And maintaining our reputation in the world?

The only way out right now that I can see is if we go to war. That will
keep us united. That will avoid the world from losing faith in whether or
not we can keep it safe. Plus we have an advantage if we go to war with
them in that our conventional military is better than theirs. It will make
it so people actually want to fight. It will make it so all the proxies
won’t want to support Russia anymore–or else they’ll be forced to choose.
The “safe” way in this case is a losing way. We are too behind already. We
can’t win going the “safe” route at this stage. We can’t lock up half our
population after all–that would rip us apart. We need to figure out a way
to get the proxies to not want to be proxies regardless of cost any longer.
We’ve got to change up the game to what we know best and tilt the board in
our favor by making them fight our more dominant military vs allowing them
to continue exploiting our citizens. Yea theoretically it could end in the
end of the world but I don’t think China would allow that. This is just me
brainstorming, please work with me..

We’ve got to do what’s never been done before and goto war against a rival
nuke holder to get out of this mess we are in—regardless of whether it is
on the other side of the planet or not. World war is world war—it takes
place globally. Plus if we are really all “one” under nato, that means this
really is all taking place at our doorstep already.

I can’t say that we will still be the top country once the war is over due
to potential inflation, but I do think we will have a lot better odds at
still being one of the top countries. Whereas if we continue on the path we
are on—I have no doubt the communists will ensure we are nowhere near the
top country when it’s all said and through. I’d much rather have a Britain
style ending to global dominance vs some other global power’s ending whose
ending came about from straight up defeat by a completely different
ideology.

It really is democracies vs communism. Do you really think if the
communists win they will allow a single democracy that is not just a puppet
democracy going forward? Yea right. Communists are ruthless. They are
murderers. They side with criminals. They seek power and world domination.
Maybe we should start being just as aggressive as they are.

When you think of our global order in the future, say 200-2k years from
now, what do you picture? Do you picture more like the dune type emperor or
do you picture something else? Those types of questions are being answered
right now. Because either the communists will win and we will likely remain
communist for pretty much forever or else democracies will win and with any
luck, we will implement new laws and education and whatnot which ensures
not only that foreign agents can’t be elected president, we will teach all
our citizens up on psychology and manipulation so we will be able to see
through all their manipilation going forward, (it’s not just about
nazi-ism–it’s about psychology and manipulation and exploiting weaknesses,
etc) with any luck we will forever remember just how close we came to
losing our freedom and we will hopefully then have enough precedent to
truly ensure this never happens again. We would also win over some of the
existing smaller communist societies or just do away with them altogether
this time seems that’s what they want to do with us. (By do away with them
I mean force democracy upon them to prevent them from trying to take over
the world ever again–by them doing away with us I mean they legit want to
do away with us) And then you might picture some highly intelligent alien
democratic order in the future from now, what movie shows that future
instead? I know there’s at least some movies that show democratic orders in
the future, I’m just not good with movies and I’ve seen dune recently. Oh I
think Star Wars, some of those sects have democratic orders. Even on dune
the good guys were I think democracies.

This really is good vs evil. And we really might have to consider doing the
unthinkable at this stage.

Joe Biden even actually finally said it today–Putin has his eyes on us. And
I guarantee you Putin is working on behalf of China because Russia is in no
position to lead the world order going forward. Nobody uses their currency.
Best case for them is they become China’s “Oligarch” or a China ally with
special privileges as I said.. Even though Russia is pretty much the
mastermind behind all of this.

https://www.c-span.org/video/?518970-1/president-biden-meeting-eu-council-president


What might be best is to divide their “shadow alliance” to get a leg up in
this “shadow war”. You know, the alliance among Russia, China, North Korea,
and Iran. Divide them like they are trying to do to NATO currently. One way
to do this is to point out the fact that best case scenario Russia will
still only be China’s bitch. (Excuse my language–just making a point)

We could also exploit the fact that the right in our country literally
hates China, thanks in part to Russia and their little “good cop, bad cop”
skits.. So just informing the right that they are really working on behalf
of China would be huge. (i.e. Make them regret their past manipulations of
our people lol)

All I’m saying is if we are going to act we might as well do it while
Ukrainians are still with us. Because they are pretty badass and they are
truly legendary. If they get defeated then morale is going to plummet
across the world big time. I really do feel they are completely genuine as
hell and they are fighting this war for freedom for all of us right now.

P.s. Some people have already been corrupted–on all sides and likely within
key positions within all of our countries–please remember that. The average
joe who has been corrupted isn’t the worst person in the world either, they
just were exploited and forced to choose between either their own well
being or else the well being of the group–and they just so happened to put
themselves first that’s all. That’s why we could all learn quite a bit from
Ukraine tbh. We need to stop putting ourselves first and it would break the
spell. We need to lead by example with NATO and put NATO first and our own
countries second–not just in words but in actions. You can tell this is
what Russia fears the most because there has even been a new right-wing
talking point that has surfaced recently about the “new world order”--which
is completely not based in fact. That video I shared previously about
changing world orders and China being next is actually based in fact. I
think the right is referring to NATO being the new world order or
something. Which just doesn’t make any damn sense. NATO has been around for
decades. Again, they are accusing others of that which they plan to do
themselves.

We need to start thinking of our countries and our people like they are
computer systems that need protected. And propaganda and misinformation and
whatnot as viruses that need to be exterminated. That’s how Russia and
China view their countries and their people from what I gather. (Except we
shouldn’t go as far as they have gone–like they could care less about their
people) But the protection part is key because society as a whole is very
much like a computer network or information system.

Russia is Root of ALL Our Problems

Russia can even use its secret electromagnetic weapon to start wildfires
from across the globe apparently. 🔥 🔥 Supposedly they can even use it as
a kind of shield. (Not sure how effective it is tho) Have you ever wondered
whether someone is deliberately starting some of these wildfires in
California/the western US? I have. The fires in California even affect us
in Utah like hardcore. I’m telling you guys that Russia is at the root of
all of our problems as a country. From all these mass shootings to funding
organized crime to funding terrorists to gangstalking our people to
silencing our whistleblowers to likely some of the planes/helicopters that
crash to corrupting our people to dividing our people to corrupting some of
our military to starting wildfires to placing bombs in parks to providing
hitman for hire services to the insurrection—Russia has played a role in
all of it. What is even left that has been an issue lately? Hurricanes? Who
the fuck knows whether their secret global electromagnetic weapon is
partially responsible for those as well. There seems to be a lot more
hurricanes that hit us than any other country lately I will say that. We’ve
got to get to the root of some of these issues otherwise we’ll just keep
having to endure more and more hardship.

They finally admitted it. Russia has implanted malware into some of our
systems. I just saw them admit it. Thank you. Yea it sucks but the first
step to solving any problem is recognizing the fact that it exists.

You guys–Russia is planning something big–I just know it. When the threat
of nukes stops countries from responding with their conventional militaries
in times of conflict–that means we have got to invest more in non
conventional military techniques–just like Russia has apparently been doing
for a long time. Cuz otherwise we are left almost completely defenseless
and unable to maintain world order.

As of March 26, 2022Gangstalking

Alright so imagine this.

Seriously imagine this and think about each of these things next time you
are doing the same thing yourself.

It’s difficult for me to look and behave normally these days for the
following reasons.

Okay so imagine the prospect of getting in the shower. You’ve got to get in
the shower. To most people, it’s no big deal. To me—it is a huge freaking
deal as with everything. Imagine using your body wash not knowing whether
or not there is some substance added in there meant to do harm to you and
which gives you hives. Same for your shampoo. Same for the very water
coming out of the spout itself. Same for the bathtub itself. Same for the
floor leading up to the bathtub. Imagine doing everything in your power to
ensure you don’t have to worry about all this shit going forward only to
have every single thing you do be countered and them getting past your most
stringent countermeasures regardless of what you do. They are trying to
make me look like I don’t shower with this one—by making it difficult as
hell to shower and by putting poison shit in all my body washes, etc, to
where I am actually negatively reinforced whenever I do shower unless I do
literally everything right including buying brand new soap and body wash
right before I shower or else using brand new soap and body wash that is
clear that it hasn’t been tampered with previously. I’ve been buying the
personal ones lately, but even with a lot of those, there’s no seal.
Meaning they can still tamper with brand new body washes before I ever use
them–even if I store them in my safe.

Imagine brushing your teeth and having it hurt your teeth more than it
helps. This one has a direct link back to my brother–he was accusing my mom
of something similar but in reality he was telling me what he was going to
do to me come to find out. This one is meant to get me not to brush my
teeth or else face potential tooth loss if I do. (Unless I buy brand new
sealed toothpaste and toothbrush each time which I’ve been trying to do)

Imagine putting everything in your brand new 3rd safe you just bought. Safe
right? Wrong. They use their tunnel to get in and take a picture of my keys
when I’m busy in the other room and then they are able to 3d print keys to
access my safe while I’m away. And if I buy a combination safe they’ll just
use their x-ray vision to watch the combination.

Now imagine the prospect of trying to find new fresh clothes and having to
worry about them tampering with those as well and putting this shit on them
that makes you break out in hives.

Imagine the prospect of taking a nap. Most people it’s no big deal. To me
if I take a nap without completely locking myself in my room and faraday
cage and triggers in place to tell whether they got in  or not while I’m
asleep—then it’s a potential death sentence for me. They will use their
electromagnetic energy weapon to change the polarity of my brain to sedate
me then they’ll come get access to my prescriptions right out of my pocket
and tamper with them via their tunnel—and that’s assuming they’ll even
allow me to fall asleep elsewhere in the first place. Sometimes they
deliberately try and make me fall asleep–other times they deliberately try
and keep me awake. Just depending on what it is they are trying to do at
the time and how exposed I am, etc, etc.

Imagine the prospect of using the restroom. Having to dodge their
deliberate attempts to target you whenever you use the restroom as if they
are trying to condition you not to eat anymore just so that you don’t have
to deal with their harassment when using the restroom as often. I think
they specifically target me while using the restroom both for the trying to
make me skinny reason and because that’s one of the reasons one wakes up at
nights randomly. So them getting the signatures of my brain needing to use
the restroom further ensures they won’t get caught when sedating me and
tampering with me during the nighttimes going forward essentially.

Imagine getting ready to leave the house. No big deal right? Wrong. Huge
freaking deal. I’ve got to make sure literally everything is in place, and
half the time I encounter something or other that suggests they have
compromised another one of my countermeasures making it so I have to then
reset my phone or reset my network or reset my security system or buy a new
one just to have even like 50 percent confidence that they won’t get in my
house while I’m away, etc, etc.

Imagine trying to do everything in your power to keep them off your devices
only to fail every single time. Their malware I swear doesn’t even go away
when completely resetting the operating system. And whenever I do have a
new computer or what have you then they can just use their x-ray vision
and/or electromagnetic technology to view my keypresses/view my screen, and
when paired with their tunnel they can just get in and tamper with the
hardware directly in person–which no hardware can be immuned from direct
physical access.

Imagine doing everything in your power to disable their damn microchip(s)
to no avail.

Imagine going to sleep at night. No big deal right? Wrong. I’ve got to
sleep in a faraday cage. I’ve got to make sure my whole freaking house is
locked down. I’ve got to make sure I am literally locked into my room with
triggers on the door to let me know if they get in while I’m asleep. I’ve
got to make sure I am protected from their emf’s, gas, and infrasound–which
is impossible to be fully protected from all 3 btw. They’ll even put their
poison shit on the sound proof foam to where if I fall asleep surrounded in
sound proof foam then I’ll wake up with this strange substance on my hands
and arms and on any exposed skin essentially, which can give me hives as
well. I’ve got to make sure they can’t access anything of value like my
prescriptions, vape juice, etc, etc, while I’m asleep, I’ve got to try and
make sure they can’t make me sleep indefinitely nor keep me awake by
protecting myself sufficiently. I’ve got to make sure my home security
alarm is on and not hacked so they don’t tamper with other parts of my
house while I’m asleep. Lately they’ve even been triggering my home
security system intentionally to make it so it actually frustrates the
police. I’ve got to make sure my regular alarm clocks are on and not
connected to the internet otherwise they can just disable them through all
their hacking while I’m asleep. I’ve got to make sure they haven’t added
any new hardware to anything which doesn’t connect to the internet by
default which makes it so it is connected to the internet for their
tampering. I’ve got to make sure I block all air gaps that sound can travel
through without suffocating myself, etc, etc.

Imagine the prospect of getting a new place to get away from their tunnel,
etc. No big deal right? Wrong. Huge freaking deal. For one they are all
over whatever it is I do. They rigged my whole rental house just in
anticipation of me possibly staying there before I rented it out again
previously. Plus if I rent any place out myself, I’m going to need advanced
locks in place just to keep them out—and not every landlord will be cool
with that. Just renting a place out seems like a huge challenge to me tbh.
They aim to essentially rig the whole place before I even officially rent
it out.

I guess I need to find a roommate is what I need. Someone renting just like
a single room out. And to disable their damn microchips still. But even
then they can just start EMF-ing me and make nobody want to be my roommate.
My brother has a history of doing shit like this to deliberately isolate
me. It’s as if he’s been planning on having me be his fall guy for at least
7 years. God it’s hard to do the right thing in this world.

Just while it’s on my mind, it’s very possible that they actually used a
satellite to superheat me right above where I sleep and then they just
instructed the jet to fly over while they used the satellite to heat me
previously, hence setting it up to where if investigated then I’ll look
like the crazy one myself–when in reality the pilot is indeed colluding
with Russia. This is how they are able to get away with literally
everything. So from now on if I say oh a jet airplane emf’d me last night,
you can believe the part that a jet airplane deliberately flew over me–but
start looking for other ways in which the emf itself happened. Same goes
for if I say this guy was acting all suspicious outside my house then when
I got home it smelled like weed. In reality that guy was acting all
suspicious outside my house and it did smell like weed when I got home
however it was specifically set up to make me look bad and it smelt like
weed in my home likely due to some gas or some capability they added to my
furnace previously. It was meant as a false flag in that case. So what I’m
getting at is they never make it simple or straightforward–they always
deliberately make it look like it’s someone it’s not when in reality
everyone is in on it whether they realize it or not but they all only know
their part. (Besides the hackers–the hackers know everything)

I am confident they have a tunnel btw, I’m going to be renting out a ground
penetrating radar soon to find their tunnel seems they can’t hide their
tunnel just cuz they know I’m going to be searching for it. Finding their
tunnel will also make it so I don’t have to bother renting another place
out. It will also lead us directly to the culprit if found.

Imagine the prospect of leaving your car and the possibility of them
getting inside it whenever they choose. I often leave my phone recording
these days in my car whenever I have any food or anything in there that I
don’t want them tampering with while I have to run into some other store
real quick—but even then all my phones are hacked so they can still
technically get passed it.

Imagine everytime you go to eat a piece of candy that you didn’t finish
previously risking them having put something on it meant to harm you in
some way. Imagine everytime you go to go to the doctor anything you touch
you risk them potentially contaminating you with something meant to
discredit you if given a drug test at the doctor. Imagine anytime you go to
do any of your prescriptions or inhaler or vape juice you risk getting
cancer. This is meant to either discredit me or give me cancer.

Imagine anytime you go to sleep you risk getting cancer through their
targeting of you with cancer causing directed energy weapons all night.
This is meant to make me afraid to fall asleep.

It’s all designed to discredit me. From keeping me up at nights to making
me sleep forever when I do sleep even if I’m not tired to making it a bad
experience for me to shower to making me afraid to brush my teeth to making
it a bad experience for me to use the restroom to making it scary for me to
fall asleep to making it difficult for me to do literally anything to all
their false flag operations and continuous shenanigans, etc, etc. They are
extremely serious about discrediting me. I’m surprised they haven’t
discredited me more than they have tbh. They actually haven’t really
succeeded in discrediting me at all thus far. But they try that’s for damn
sure.

I could go on btw. But just know this is just the gist of it. The three
critical pieces to enable them to do all this is all their hacking, their
tunnel, and their microchips–oh and all the Russian proxies/their use of
psychology. If i can counter any one of those things it would honestly make
all of the difference.

I hope Russia hacks us tbh. Then maybe we’ll start taking hacking more
seriously. Regardless–from now on we need to keep hacking Russia and other
adversaries ourselves either way. Worst case we’ll just come across some of
their secret weapons and we will be better for it.


That my friends, is what it is like to be gangstalked and there is
currently no way out. They microchipped me before it ever even officially
started and the microchip is the whole reason I haven’t taken off and
gotten the fuck out of here. I still can’t fucking believe it tbh. I still
can’t believe my mom set me up for getting microchipped either–knowingly or
unknowingly. It’s not my mom tho it’s my brother. But my mom could
definitely act a little more motherly and like she is concerned about my
well being even if it risks her own well being that’s forsure. Dusty is her
freaking son after all, and she’s already lived a whole life whereas I
haven’t. Like some people only care about themselves I swear. You would
think she would realize I didn't do anything and I was friends with Dusty
up until the point when he started coming after me so nothing she doesn't
do is going to stop him from going after herself, any of her other children
or grandchildren–the only way to stop him is if others actually help. This
is only going to get worse if others don’t help. One thing I’ve learned
forsure throughout all this is I got my willingness to stand up for what's
right from my father. Some of my other siblings have that mentality as
well–but not all of them.

P.s. The hackers are the only ones who know literally everything–everyone
else seems to only know their part in it and that seems deliberate. They
literally treat everything like they are securing a computer system.  (i.e.
they apply the “minimum necessary rule” to even their criminal operations)
All you have to do to get to the bottom of this is arrest my brother.
Seriously, arrest my brother and then offer him a deal to get less jail
time and I’m sure he could tell you literally everything. Dusty doesn’t
have much to lose himself so I’m sure he would talk under the right
circumstances. Like he doesn’t have kids he’s got to worry about being
retaliated against or anything like that. If he did he wouldn’t be doing
all this shit to begin with. My brother literally is the key to all of
this. If you can force him to turn on all these people we’d be set. The
hackers have even indicated to me he’s the leader of this sect so you
should really pursue Dusty on murder of my family charges if nothing else.
He's also likely critical to both the nanotechnology and
infrasound/ultrasound. I don't even want to know how many people he's
murdered or manipulated others into murdering at this point tbh.


If It Helps

I specifically recall my brother Dusty frantically waiting for a package
when we lived at our dads house previously while my dad was still alive.
Asking everyone if they had seen a package or not.

Seriously you guys he’s a serial killer–he fully intends to kill me. He has
been making my life miserable daily until he does. In part to avoid him
going to jail later because I’m the best person to testify against him as
I’ve been saying this whole damn time. If you guys still aren’t all over
him by now then it looks like he’s going to get away with murdering his
whole family. I’ve done literally everything in my power to help you guys.
Yea it got more complex when the Russia part came up but it’s the truth. It
makes the most sense. He sought out Russia to lessen the chances of him
personally getting busted himself. It is what it is. Now it’s just a matter
of what if anything our law enforcement is going to do about arguably the
most ruthless notorious criminal mastermind killer in all of Utah. This has
got to be one of the biggest cases in all of Utah. This isn’t gang on gang
crime–it’s my brother killing his whole family and likely many others–and
colluding with Russia in the process. And hacking our whole damn
infrastructure. Like what else do you want? My brother is the guy you hear
about who is behind causing others to go on shooting rampages. One of the
email addresses they spoofed previously on my account actually linked back
to another shooter in Logan. (The heavyhorned@yahoo.com one–I figured you
guys would do your own investigation on it tho and I could be wrong but
regardless this shit is super concerning) My brother is also the guy you
hear about when you hear about people getting microchipped. Like one of
these days you are going to regret not arresting him sooner. I’ll be gone
and you all will have literally no chance at ever successfully prosecuting
him at that point.

I could use your help in getting this all to stop–please. And getting this
damn microchip out of my ear. Everyone else is too afraid to help which
should tell you something about this case’s authenticity. Like seriously
please go harder on him before it's too late. Plus, arresting my brother
will only help you with Russia. Like I don’t even see the downfall of
arresting him at this point. Worst case you can just say it was a good
intention or whatever and there’s nothing he can do about it. But I promise
you–you won’t regret it.

These are the kind of memories my brother is so afraid of with me. He’s
gangstalking me to try and discredit me. He’s made all the people he’s
killed lives this miserable right before he killed them. Like seriously–I
didn’t do anything wrong. Just cuz I care about our country doesn’t make me
a bad person either. At least I’m honest unlike my brother. Plus, I have a
really good memory.


As of March 28, 2022 I’m Now Out of Time

I’m now out of time you guys. The attackers have managed to add something
to my water which gives me hives just by exposure to it–and that’s not even
me drinking it. Which explains how all my clothes and whatnot give me hives
lately as well. And I honestly don’t trust it. Like it giving me hives
could be the least of my worries. And so that means I can no longer even
shower if I stay here. It also means likely for the past 2-3 weeks I’ve
been exposed to one of their poisons without being able to ever fully wash
it off.

Alright so I took a sample of my water today. I pretended like I was
getting in the bath then I took a sample of my water and put it in my
security deposit box along with my other important items. However, with
that said, I ended up taking a picture of what was in my security deposit
box so incase they get in there and steal something then I’ll have proof
but I now get the sense they are trying to get access to my keys to take a
picture of my security deposit box keys then they plan to 3d print a
duplicate key and create a fake ID of me so that they can then get access
to my security deposit box and tamper with all my evidence without my
consent. I’m pretty sure I heard someone in my house earlier and I think
that is what they were up to–they were trying to get access to my keys I
left in the other room to take a picture of my keys again is what they were
doing. (Only this time they were targeting my security deposit keys)

The problem is I store stuff like some of my backups and whatnot in my
security deposit box, along with this water sample from today and whatnot.
So theoretically they could get in there, erase my backups, replace the
water, without them really ever even technically “stealing” anything.
Meaning they can tamper with all the evidence and it would be hard to even
know they did.

How can I possibly keep anything safe from these guys? Like seriously? How
can I keep anything from them? I wouldn't be surprised if they even went so
far as to hack my bank's camera systems so that there is no trace for when
they do go in there and access my security deposit box illegally. They hack
literally everyone else so why wouldn’t they hack them too? If they haven’t
hacked my bank already then it is definitely now a target. Cache Valley
Bank on 100 N is the bank I’m referring to.

I told you these guys constantly evolve based on the latest intel. It's not
fun to go up against any entity like this, that’s for damn sure. Russia’s
whole performance in Ukraine is exactly that–a performance. They haven't
even taken out Ukraine’s internet as if they want the whole world to see
their atrocities. None of what Russia is doing in Ukraine or anywhere else
for that matter can be taken at face value. Why would they not try to keep
all their atrocities hidden? My answer to that is because they want people
to react because they are actively cataloging all of the resistance–like
I’ve been saying. But then again, my brother would know a hell of a lot
more than I do..

My constraints for keeping shit safe/secret are as follows. Essentially
they have my home and car rigged to be able to “watch” me and they do so
literally 24/7 these days–using infrasound and electromagnetics and
nanotechnology primarily–and then they “listen” to whatever the hell I do
or say 24/7 too–using any microphone around that they have hacked. Their
damn microchips themselves might act as a microphone too, idk, I haven’t
figured that part out yet. I know it can act as a standalone GPS device
somehow.

Plus, any key I have they can just take a picture of and 3D print a copy of
it. Any ID I have they can just forge it. Any combination I have they can
just “watch” me use it and then simply replicate it later. Any friend I
might give a key to they can just do the same with them–like believe
me–nobody is as secure as I am after all this and they still get through.
I’d almost have to give it all to the police or something before they
tamper with it.

And even then I can’t give the police things like my dog’s ashes to keep
safe.

I hope the police will take my evidence from me and treat it with the level
of importance it deserves. Whatever substances they use aren’t going to be
easy to trace, just because that is how they operate, but ideally we’d
simply store everything until a later date when we actually have a better
idea of what to test for exactly.. (Like I was doing)

As of March 30, 2022Be on the lookout for possible Russian EMF satellite
targeting US

Be on lookout for a Russian satellite targeting the following address in
the US with an emf:

1235 Smithfield Canyon Rd

Smithfield, UT  84335

United States

https://maps.apple.com/?address=1235%20Smithfield%20Canyon%20Rd,%20Smithfield,%20UT%20%2084335,%20United%20States&ll=41.848250,-111.806250&q=1235%20Smithfield%20Canyon%20Rd&_ext=EiYpwH+pRgDsREAxozWkZPzzW8A5PlXPoibtREBBuXw80DbzW8BQAw%3D%3D&t=m


They have no other real good way to emf me here really so I’m assuming they
could be using a Russian satellite to do it just now. I’ll be here the rest
of today and part of tomorrow.

This is how I think they must have busted them the first time cuz I
remember seeing a black hawk helicopter fly over my house when they were
still investigating it with the first detective Escobar and shortly after
that their investigation concluded.

It’s not nearly as bad only having the satellite emf me and only having to
protect from one direction really tho that’s for sure.

If I’m right about the satellite then we should de-orbit the damn thing(s).
I read we have the capabilities to do so now. (Without creating a bunch of
space junk) Or something. Maybe not deorbit it cuz that would start a space
war but we should definitely do something is all I’m saying.

Last I checked we aren’t experimenting on Russian citizens and murdering
Russian people with our satellites—so they shouldn’t be allowed to do so
with theirs either.

Also, arrest my brother already please. It really is the least you could
do. You won’t even piss off Russia by doing so cuz he’s an American
citizen. He’s caused enough grief in this world as is already. Keep in mind
tho they have advanced insight into what the police are doing—but I’d
suggest you arrest him before he bounces to Russia—that’s what I’d do if I
were you.

Actually sorry this may not be a satellite it may just be them stroking the
atmosphere to create infrasound that goes my direction. My bad. Can you
imagine having nothing better to do than to see how much you can annoy your
brother each and every day? Like what a life right? What a life that must
be. No wonder no girls like my brother.

The damn microchips are the key to it all. Without those they couldn’t
precisely locate me to do all this shit to me. They have to have precise
location of your head in particular to be able to do all this to you. Be
careful in getting your vaccinations folks—like seriously—be careful. I’m
not advocating not getting them, I'm just saying be careful when you do. If
the needle is bigger than you remember—run the hell out of there. And if
you think you might be hacked or if you think whomever sets up your
appointment for you might be hacked—then set up another appointment and in
person next time or just go in and get your shot randomly in person and at
a random location—not smith's marketplace in Logan—it’s simply not worth
the risk of having some corrupt Russian proxy nurse inject you with these
damn things—I assure you. There’s no real good way of getting them out once
they are in you either. Speaking of that, I’ve been meaning to get you the
nurse's name who did this to me. I’ll get you those records soon...

I aim to bring every single one of these guys to justice—my brother
especially. This whole Ukraine ordeal has only helped in making that
actually plausible. Thank you Ukraine for your help, I’m sorry Russia
dragged you into this too.. I feel for you. Together we will make it
through.

I think I need a shield you guys. An ef/rf/emf shield. Kinda like my
infrasound jammer but an electromagnetic field jammer—an all in one device.
I’ll even have to patent it one of these days lol. I’ve been learning more
and more each and every day. Like for instance, I think their mobile car
crew and neighborly emfs are actually hooked up to some kind of an antenna.
So they just pump a bunch of oscillating amplified electricity into a
directional antenna is how the emf/ef/rf ones work I think. (The non
satellite versions) Then I read something about them stroking the
atmosphere just right to create the infrasound, but they’ve also shown me
they use these advanced algorithms and can create crazy sound effects from
literally any speaker system as well. Is it sine wave Algorithms?
Algorithms that build on each other to where the sound waves literally like
build up and start resonating and bouncing off of literally everything in
my whole room—including other sound waves—it’s nuts. They’ve even done it
from my own speakers previously when they hacked my phone when I was
playing my own infrasound to try and counter them—they ended up using my
own speakers against me. But yea, either I need some type of specialized
shield emitting device or I need to just figure out a way to disable these
damn microchips…

I wish I had some device where I could actually visualize all these
different waves they are producing and precisely where they all originate
from. Something like that probably costs hundreds of thousands of dollars.

P.s. I’m working on moving all this content to git including the version
history up to this point. Have you seen that spycraft show on Netflix? I
just started watching it. That’s exactly the type of shit they are doing to
me—like to the T. Just everything about that show is what they are doing to
me—it’s nuts. You would think I’m a government agent or I run a government
embassy or some shit. Sometimes they make me feel like I am Superman or
something. Cuz who else besides Superman would warrant this much time and
effort and sophistication? That’s all I’m saying. I even bought a Superman
necklace/dog tag since as a result. ;) (it doubles as a way to throw off
some of their targeting of my head with electricity whereas it’s made of
metal)


P.s. If anybody asks—anonymous has no ties to the us government. Putin is
trying to blame the anonymous hacks on the us government. He’s even setting
them up to frame them for killing Russian citizens. This is what Russia
does regularly. Regardless, it’s essential to keep the ambiguity between
anonymous and the US government. To be clear, I don’t even know whether
anonymous really does have ties or not to the US government—I just know how
the game is played so to speak just from me watching how Russia does
it—that’s all. The whole reason it works for Russia is because they never
admit it—even tho we all know their hackers really do have ties to the
Russian government—literally everyone in Russia will become a Russian agent
if their government so chooses it will help Russia—Russia monitors
everything after all. Plus I can see Russia is setting up the ground work
in various forums, social media sites, etc—to both make that link and to
frame anonymous for doing horrendous things. I personally think anonymous
and the US government should have at least loose ties—for dicey situations
just like this—but if so—never admit it. Russia is now trying to do what I
said recently which is to hold all parties accountable when any singular
party does something “wrong”. And they are putting in the ground work to be
able to do so successfully. (Via their planting such ideas that anonymous
and our government are one in the same in our information ecosystem, aka
using communications warfare) So it’s important we counter that notion at
this time anyway. There is seriously something up with Russia and our
hackers like I said. They could be banking on this link they are setting up
between anonymous and the US government. To be clear, I’m not even a member
of anonymous. I made a video just for fun but anyone can do that and plus I
never promoted it. In reality, my scope of anonymous consists of me just
reaching out to them and giving them my opinion on various subjects, asking
for help, similar to what I did with our government once my bro started
trying to kill me. Like that doesn’t make me an anonymous member or a US
agent. Plus neither ever even actually talks back to me. Anyways, my bro
must actually be pretty high up in the kremlin tbh cuz it’s as if they are
trying to use ME and this very document to start a war in a way. My bro
seems to have access to some high level stuff. Plus, it’s as if Russia’s
whole ordeal has a “brothers” “theme” to it—as well as a “hacking theme” to
it–on multiple levels. Nevertheless, I don’t want them to use me to start a
war—not unless any war is on our country’s own terms. This shit is scary
you guys, not going to lie.

I can now see why Joe Biden is so reserved. I think it’s called “game
theory”. Essentially it’s crucial you are not seen as the country who
starts any war pretty much. There really is some high tech communications
warfare going on right now as we speak—with the end game being full blown
cyber war at the very least from what I gather. Russia is essentially
“using” anonymous in a way to try and kick off a cyber war in my opinion.
And Russia will happily kill its own people for that cause.
